Nobody until very recently would have thought that their husband was supposed to be their best friend, confidante, intellectual soul mate, co-parent, inspiration. Every Teen Challenge ministry is responsible for raising its own finances, but we assist these works with finances, prayer and counseling, especially overseas in areas such as Siberia, Africa, South America. Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all. The real fight is about what should be in the marketplace and what should not. Should education be a marketable commodity? Should healthcare? Acting is not about dressing up. Acting is about stripping bare. The whole essence of learning lines is to forget them so you can make them sound like you thought of them that instant. I try to do the right thing at the right time. They may just be little things, but usually they make the difference between winning and losing. I'd never really babysat. I feel like I'm Blair, or 'Gossip Girl.' A teenager, basically - and now suddenly I'm a mom? Others indeed may talk, and write, and fight about liberty, and make an outward pretence to it but the free-thinker alone is truly free. War is so unjust and ugly that all who wage it must try to stifle the voice of conscience within themselves. I decided he'd changed so much that a whole new book was required and that book actually I can say so was the first to say that the marriage was in trouble and the Prince didn't like at all and my book was being serialized in the Sunday Times over five weeks. If I went to them all dressed up and flashed a nice smile for the cameras it would probably be easier for me to get work. But I just can't tolerate it. When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew. Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom. You see much more of your children once they leave home. When I was seven, I asked my mom if I could be on TV, and she said if I really wanted to, I could. I got an agent and booked my first audition. Technology has to be invented or adopted. Among those who are satisfactory in this respect it is desirable to have represented as great a diversity of intellectual tradition, social milieu and personal character as possible. The body is an amazing machine... If you eat the right things your body will perform incredibly well! Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills. The people in Iraq lived essentially good lives. They had brilliant health and education systems. Saddam actually created an incredible infrastructure in a very difficult country, but they were a Mafia family. If you said anything against that regime or that family you would be killed instantly. With technology now, you can go in and sing a song, and for $100,000, you will sound flawless. Recounting of a life story, a mind thinking aloud leads one inevitably to the consideration of problems which are no longer psychological but spiritual. Kisses are a better fate than wisdom. Really, I have to laugh because there was a whole set of stories that made me sound like the Dragon Lady, you know, 'tough this and tough that.' Then there is this business about 'gooey.' The bottom line is I am a pragmatic idealist. The Occupy movement needs an organizing principle, and - just as the Tea Party did - it needs some actual measures of success. Choose one candidate whose agenda is squarely within that of the movement and make his or her electoral success a focal point. It is important to consider whether the sample size selected by the Environmental Genome Project will provide sufficient power to discover most alleles relevant to gene-environment interactions. I dream of the realization of the unity of Africa, whereby its leaders combine in their efforts to solve the problems of this continent. I dream of our vast deserts, of our forests, of all our great wildernesses. Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us. Jim Carrey, a comic genius, has a harder time overcoming the public's desire for him to be funny simply because he's so good at it. I've learned that success comes in a very prickly package. Whether you choose to accept it or not is up to you. Marriage is good enough for the lower classes: they have facilities for desertion that are denied to us. If you create something that is asking for people to respond as they're going to respond, you have to allow them to respond as they're going to respond. Some of the people are going to be uninterested and some people are going to be mad for some reason, which is their business. That's just the way the world is. I certainly derived my skills as a prose writer from my scrutiny of poetry and of the individual word. But schools don't do things like that anymore - tracking words down to their roots. Sometimes in football you have to score goals. Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides. The pursuit of beauty is much more dangerous nonsense than the pursuit of truth or goodness, because it affords a stronger temptation to the ego. The best part of making the movies... learning from the pros themselves. There are many respects in which America, if it can bring itself to act with the magnanimity and the empathy appropriate to its size and power, can be an intelligent example to the world. With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now. A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion. You either get tired fighting for peace, or you die. I've done a lot of things in a business where you're lucky to stay alive, so when the time comes, I'll be happy to pass my knowledge along and help someone else. I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car. My relationship with the journalists who covered the campaign was complicated. I often hid from the critical eye of their cameras and their omnipresent digital recorders, wary of the critique implicit in every captured moment. But I also grew to respect and understand their passion for their work, their love for the journey we were sharing. When I was younger, I felt it was my duty to wake people up. I thought poetry was asleep. I thought rock 'n' roll was asleep. In my view, the Christian religion is the most important and one of the first things in which all children, under a free government ought to be instructed. People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.' Poetry asks people to have values, form opinions, care about some other part of experience besides making money and being successful on the job. I think films about men are often about characters who don't want to express their feelings. You're supposed to kind of admire them for not expressing their feelings. And I feel that's a bit dull. Women's stories often have stronger emotional content, which I enjoy doing. What I really love doing is mixing that with humor. I think mistakes are the essence of science and law. It's impossible to conceive of either scientific progress or legal progress without understanding the important role of being wrong and of mistakes. The increase of territory and power of empires by force of arms has been the policy of all great powers, and it has always been possible to get the approval of their state religion. And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede. The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family. My professional dreams were coming true while I was living a personal nightmare. If I have to move up in a building, I choose the elevator over the escalator. Because one time I was riding the escalator and I tripped. I fell down the stairs for an hour and a half. To put as little pressure on the relationship you're in is very important. When a citizen gives his suffrage to a man of known immorality he abuses his trust he sacrifices not only his own interest, but that of his neighbor he betrays the interest of his country. I am excited to rise today to support National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. This celebration honors the husband and wife business owner teams whose work helps drive the economy and fuel job growth. Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place. Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it. The structure of life I have described in buildings - the structure which I believe to be objective - is deeply and inextricably connected with the human person, and with the innermost nature of human feeling. I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white. Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s. It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled. The best beauty advice I ever received is to keep skin hydrated and limit harsh exposure to the sun. If you are set on the tanned look, there are plenty of great creams that will give you a healthy-looking glow. Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world. Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness. You should tell yourself frequently 'I will only react to constructive suggestions.' This gives you positive ammunition against your own negative thoughts and those of others. 'Game of Thrones' is an amazing show, and I have no problem speaking of the virtues of HBO. I don't really distinguish between sympathy and honesty when I'm writing. The two go together - I'm interested in inhabiting my characters, seeing the world through their eyes. People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change. Money buys many things... The best of which is freedom. It is precisely our job as Catholics to speak the truth as plainly and precisely as we can. Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. My life so common it disappears and sometimes even music cannot substitute for tears. In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used? I just change with the times. I really don't have a say in what's going on. Music was here before me. If you look at the footballers, you look at our celebrity culture, we seem to be saying, 'This is the way you want to be'. We seem to be a society that celebrates all the wrong people. Economists treat economics as if it is a pure science divorced from the facts of life. The result of this false accountancy is a willful confusion under cover of which industry wreaks its havoc scot-free and ignores the environmental cost. We need to teach our kids, because there is such a celebrity culture at the moment, that however rich you are, however famous you are, however glamorous you are, everyone has to live by the same rules. If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life. In the same way that we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of learning. Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose. A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife. We all have an interest in making sure teens grow up healthy and drug-free. In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents. Today, comics is one of the very few forms of mass communication in which individual voices still have a chance to be heard. Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people. It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. Young lawyers attend the courts, not because they have business there, but because they have no business. My parents divorced when I was born, and my mother is a political science professor, like a feminist Mormon, which is sort of an oxymoron. That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way. A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. Oceania was at war with Eurasia therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia. I begin to feel like most Americans don't understand the First Amendment, don't understand the idea of freedom of speech, and don't understand that it's the responsibility of the citizen to speak out. I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. The one thing I have learned as a CEO is that leadership at various levels is vastly different. When I was leading a function or a business, there were certain demands and requirements to be a leader. As you move up the organization, the requirements for leading that organization don't grow vertically they grow exponentially. You go back to those films of the '40s and '50s and hear the dialogue, the way the people played off each other - the wordplay. I think we've really lost that in movies. When I grew up there wasn't air-conditioning or anything of that nature, and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer. There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength. It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists. Everywhere in the world, music enhances a hall, with one exception: Carnegie Hall enhances the music. I have no business being a journalist. I'm the least, I'm the least - I'm the most trusting, I absolutely make a habit of believing anything that anybody tells me about themselves. I've never had any reason in the world to think that anyone has wanted to harm me, or lie to me. I believe whatever is being sold, most of the time. The progress of evolution from President Washington to President Grant was alone evidence to upset Darwin. My biggest role as director on the film is keeping a sense of the overview - how to cast the movie and shoot it in such a way that it will cut together. And how to design the style and tone. What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered. This morning I was laughing at my cat who was running up the stairs and slipped, and pretended like it didn't happen. I love music videos, I really do. I think it's kind of sad that it's a dying art form. My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world. Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism. And, you know, being able to wear the stars and stripes, when you step up on one of the blocks or, you know, when you step off of an airplane or when you hear the national anthem play, you know, it's one of the greatest feelings in the world because you know that there are people at home who are supporting you and watching you. We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power. We learn by practice. Whether it means to learn to dance by practicing dancing or to learn to live by practicing living, the principles are the same. One becomes in some area an athlete of God. War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want. But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint. I wouldn't attach too much importance to these student riots. I remember when I was a student at the Sorbonne in Paris, I used to go out and riot occasionally. But the best thing Washington can do for education is realize that our role is limited. Washington must keep its promises, but let those who know our childrens' names- parents, teachers and school board members- make education decisions. I mean, the most important thing to me is imagination. Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted. He who risks and fails can be forgiven. He who never risks and never fails is a failure in his whole being. It was important on The Shipping News to have my house far enough away from each location so I had this time in the morning to think about my shots and still remain open to surprises once I got to the set. Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty. Heart and head are the constituent parts of character temperament has almost nothing to do with it, and, therefore, character is dependent upon education, and is susceptible of being corrected and improved. I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didn't really know how to successfully get me going. If the amount of money going into the war economy were invested in landscape restoration, we would be in a far more positive position. It may get a little dire before we pull together, but I think when the prosperous nations, and in particular the U.S., realize they're wrecking their own kids' lives, there will be a mass change in value. Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. We have really good data that show when you take patients and you really inform them about their choices, patients make more frugal choices. They pick more efficient choices than the health care system does. Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. For movies to get greenlit solely based on the success of other movies that have a lot of women in them? It's so ridiculous to me. Science is the international language, so when we are able to convince countries that good decision-making for human health and animal health is based upon science, that's a real success story for us. I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down'. I don't ever want to be a sentimentalist. I prefer to be a realist. I'm not a romantic really. There are numerous cases of that, where one of our writers discovers another writer whom he likes, and we then take that book on. So it's a very close relationship. We can do that because we're so small. Winning 'The Apprentice' changed my life in ways I could never have imagined. It has been an amazing experience working for Donald Trump and I am very grateful for the whole opportunity. When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether. I've probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about. I have to express sympathy from the bottom of my heart to those people who were taken as wartime comfort women. As a human being, I would like to express my sympathies, and also as prime minister of Japan I need to apologize to them. I've told several writers this, and, again, I get back to it, but if you want to make God smile, tell him your plans. Beware how you take away hope from another human being. Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous. Let them be reassured, it has never been one of our intentions to ban religion in society, but solely to protect the national education system from any conspicuous display of religious affiliation. Jackie Chan is a very good comedy/martial arts star. He does one kind of martial arts that Jet Li doesn't know how to do and Jet Li does a martial art that Jackie Chan doesn't know how to do. You can both go to two Chinese restaurants, but both can have different kinds of food. Politics exist in the boardroom, as well. Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character. If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me. I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change. Patience is the art of hoping. Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all. No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself. Next to the love of God, the love of country is the best preventive of crime. There's a lot of peer pressure to not do positive stories out of Iraq... I think there's a sense that the administration got a pass during the hot days of war and now that the war is over it's time to even out the deck somewhat. The real trouble with war (modern war) is that it gives no one a chance to kill the right people. People may take a job for more money, but they often leave it for more recognition. I remember in high school trying to get home from water-polo practice in time so I could see Happy Days on television when it first came on, because I was so blown away by it. It was just such a cool thing. A man's true state of power and riches is to be in himself. It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself. I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death. When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track. The failure of Socialism since 1945 is that whilst encouraging us all, the creators of wealth, to produce less through strikes, it has caused us all to demand a higher level of our own product. There's time enough, but none to spare. Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation. I'm a hopeless romantic and I believe that you can find love in many different places and be very conflicted. I've discovered as I've grown up that life is far more complicated than you think it is when you're a kid. It isn't just a straightforward fairytale. All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families. TV is chewing gum for the eyes. Power is dangerous unless you have humility. Most people I know are not hard-core religious people. They are what I would call 'lightly religious.' So I don't buy the notion that we can't laugh about religion in America. Torture is such a slippery slope as soon as you allow a society or any legal system to do that, almost instantly you get a situation where people are being tortured for very trivial reasons. Europe, which gave us the idea of same-sex marriage, is a dying society, with birthrates 50 percent below replacement. Patriotism is considered to be an emotion a person ought to feel. But why? Why is it nobler to love your own country than to love someone else's? Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families. Los Angeles can be a really sad city. Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later. Therefore, a person should first be changed by a teacher's instructions, and guided by principles of ritual. Only then can he observe the rules of courtesy and humility, obey the conventions and rules of society, and achieve order. Americans are a decade behind Canada when it comes to sex education and understanding their bodies. I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep. The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed. Throughout the 20th century, the Republican Party benefited from a non-interventionist foreign policy. Think of how Eisenhower came in to stop the Korean War. Think of how Nixon was elected to stop the mess in Vietnam. My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time. I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. A filmmaker has almost the same freedom as a novelist has when he buys himself some paper. There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism. We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it. No fathers or mothers think their own children ugly. Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task. Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act. I hope I have important things to say. Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten. Good design is good business. The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness. In the traditional urban novel, there is only survival or not. The suburban idea, the conformist idea, that agony can be seen to and cured by doctors or psychoanalysis or self-knowledge is nowhere to be found in the city. Talking is a way of life, but it is not a cure. Same with religion. The death of what's dead is the birth of what's living. Back in 1983, the United States government approved the release of the first genetically modified organism. In this case, it was a bacteria that prevents frost on food crops. For a modern woman it is important to be supported and that there is equality in every aspect, and that it's not two halves that make a whole - it's two wholes that make a whole. Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity. God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own. A doctor must work eighteen hours a day and seven days a week. If you cannot console yourself to this, get out of the profession. We see God face to face every hour, and know the savor of Nature. Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric. The terror of the atom age is not the violence of the new power but the speed of man's adjustment to it, the speed of his acceptance. Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good. On the one hand, shopping is dependable: You can do it alone, if you lose your heart to something that is wrong for you, you can return it it's instant gratification and yet something you buy may well last for years. You accept failure as a possible outcome of some of the experiments. If you don't get failures, you're not pushing hard enough on the objectives. Afghanistan is going to be here a long time, and what's critical is that Afghanistan's relationship with its neighbors are, to the maximum extent they can be, constructive and operationally useful. On balance, my life has been a constant stream of blessings rather than disappointments and failures and tragedies. I wish I had been re-elected. I think I could have kept our country at peace. I think I could have consolidated what we achieved at Camp David with a treaty between Israel and the Palestinians. The higher the general average of intelligence, all things else being equal, the less the disposition to be meddlesome, critical, and overbearing. There are a lot of bands who claim to be punk and they only play the music, they have no clue what it's all about. It's a lifestyle. It's not about popularity and all that crap. I don't really care how I am remembered as long as I bring happiness and joy to people. I always thought that I might retire from any form of sexuality by the age of 40 and just become a dignified older person. War settles nothing. The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn. Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men. Remember in 1973 the same science chatter said that the coming Ice Age is going to occur, we're going to lose millions of people. And the politicians knew how to solve it, they just didn't have the courage to solve it they were going to put coal dust on the Arctic. I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake. Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that. I think there are a lot more relationship scenes in my movies that people tend to overlook. A lot of scenes really feel real and are about the characters. No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure. My worst hair experience was when I was trying to relax my hair and my grandmother did it. It went all straight and I looked like a black Bee Gee. Existentialism is about being a saint without God being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society. Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it. A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty. Methamphetamine is a hideous drug. Meth makes a person become paranoid, violent, and aggressive - making them a serious threat to society and law enforcement. And maybe more importantly, meth users are a threat to their own children and families. I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange. I wake up every morning in a cold sweat, regardless of how well things went the day before. And put that I said that in a somewhat but not completely tongue-in-cheek way. Fear not for the future, weep not for the past. If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish. It is written on the arched sky it looks out from every star. It is the poetry of Nature it is that which uplifts the spirit within us. And a special thank you to the citizens of Massachusetts: You are paying all the taxes, creating all the jobs, raising all the children. This government is yours. Thank you for letting me serve you. I love this job. I think the most important thing people can do to save our planet and the human race is to empower women! In the state of Wisconsin it's mandated that teachers in the social sciences and hard sciences have to start giving environmental education by the first grade, through high school. Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable. There were so much affairs of me created by the media... of course I was not always a true single. I had some relations, once also to a famous pop star. Look at our Lords disciples. One denied Him one doubted Him one betrayed Him. If our Lord couldn't have perfection, how are you going to have it in city government? When you're going through something, whether it's a wonderful thing like having a child or a sad thing like losing somebody, you often feel like 'Oh my God, I'm so overwhelmed I'm dealing with this huge thing on my own.' In fact, poetry's a nice reminder that, no, everybody goes through it. These are universal experiences. In the summer I wear shorts with a bright top and ankle boots or just sandals. I'll add a nice scarf, maybe a hat, some cool sunglasses. It's all about the accessories. I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon. Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark. A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. We're all doing different things and some of the girls are mums, so priorities have changed. But I would love to do something with the Spice Girls again. I know we would have an amazing time. I really like children to watch my movies. We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers. There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. I had a very, very difficult relationship with my mother, who was supremely self-centred. She was hilariously self-centred. She did not really take interest in anything that didn't immediately affect her. I love really good food and I don't ever want to spend too much for it, but I like hanging out and having really good, tasty, interesting food. So what we're talking about here is human rights. The right to live like a human. The right to live, period. And what we're facing in Africa is an unprecedented threat to human dignity and equality. Wonder is the desire for knowledge. Permanent success cannot be achieved except by incessant intellectual labour, always inspired by the ideal. Don't worry about writing a book or getting famous or making money. Just lead an interesting life. Whenever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government. One of the surprising things in this world is the respect a worthless man has for himself. Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics. My reality needs imagination like a bulb needs a socket. My imagination needs reality like a blind man needs a cane. The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums. Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life. If there is any secret to my success, I think it's that my characters are very real to me. I feel everything they feel, and therefore I think my readers care about them. We can't change anything until we get some fresh ideas, until we begin to see things differently. After all, it is hard to master both life and work equally well. So if you are bound to fake one of them, it had better be life. Forgiveness is the needle that knows how to mend. Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong. I never wore a tie voluntarily, even though I was forced to wear one for photos when I was young and for official events at school. I used to wrap my tie in a newspaper, and whenever the teacher checked I would quickly put it on again. I'm not used to it. Most Bolivians don't wear ties. In politics stupidity is not a handicap. Ignorance and a narrow education lay the foundation of vice, and imitation and custom rear it up. I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends. On a level plain, simple mounds look like hills and the insipid flatness of our present bourgeoisie is to be measured by the altitude of its great intellects. Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction. When the bright angel dominates, out comes a great work of art, a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony. With 'Believe' bringing really big success for me outside of the U.K. for the first time, it meant I have been touring around the world and that led to a gap from the studio. I really feel like the gap has done me the world of good. Throughout that time I was able to collect songs that I really loved. Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it. I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world. It helps, I think, to consider ourselves on a very long journey: the main thing is to keep to the faith, to endure, to help each other when we stumble or tire, to weep and press on. A good motto is: use friendliness but do not use your friends. Even though I disagree with many of the changes, when I see the privates graduate at the end of the day, when they walk off that drill field at the end of the ceremony, they are still fine privates outstanding, well motivated privates. People must help one another it is nature's law. Well, I think any time you delve into this sort of religion, politics, as you well know, you're going to, you know, touch a few nerves. I wasn't - now - and this is the honest truth. One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history. Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune. I'm over the moon to be involved in the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special. I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever. The opportunity, number one, to work with Ang Lee is an amazing thing for me. Inequality makes everyone unhappy, the poor most of all, and that is well within the remit of the state. More money gives less extra happiness the richer we get, yet we are addicted to earning and spending more every year. There was a chance for me to write one song for the section where Elvis sat in his black leather outfit and sang the old hits. At eight oclock the next morning I had written Memories. Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams. When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple. It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value. Unfortunately, poetry is not born in noise, in crowds, or on a bus. There have to be four walls and the certainty that the telephone will not ring. That's what writing is all about. Selfishness is the only real atheism unselfishness the only real religion. One of the reasons I'm an actor is because I was no physical specimen as a child. I wasn't athletic and didn't have any prowess in that regard. Growing up in Kentucky, most little boys were trying to get into sports, and it was very competitive, so that was not to be. But I did want to do something. I want to be safe in the knowledge that I can tour and play festivals for a long time. The main thing is that I want a good reputation as a live performer. If I have that, I'd be so happy. I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb. Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nation's progress towards the realization of his dream. I always carry lip balm and lipstick. Lipstick is a very important beauty product because I find that lips are the most beautiful feature of anyone's face. Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence he is just using his memory. The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone. I've loved Michael Jackson, his music, his music videos. I have been reading Stephen King since CARRIE and hope to read him for many years to come. I have sympathy for young people, for their growing pains, but I balk when these growing pains are pushed into the foreground, when you make these young people the only vehicles of life's wisdom. Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age. Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone. A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it. There is nothing can pay one for that invaluable ignorance which is the companion of youth, those sanguine groundless hopes, and that lively vanity which makes all the happiness of life. Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. I hate how box-office failures are blamed on an actress, yet I don't see a box-office failure blamed on men. I saw that the war could not be prevented. The time had passed. I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done. Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness. The failure of Christianity in the areas west from Sicily was even greater, and was increased by the spread of Arab outlooks and influence to that area, and especially to Spain. You speak of Lord Byron and me there is this great difference between us. He describes what he sees I describe what I imagine. Mine is the hardest task. Perhaps the single most dramatic example of this phenomenon of software eating a traditional business is the suicide of Borders and corresponding rise of Amazon. The attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon shook our nation to the core. Americans were deeply frightened, sad, and angry, and they rallied around a President who, at the time, showed impressive certitude and calm. What is free time? I'm a single mother. My free moments are filled with loving my little girl. Eulogy. Praise of a person who has either the advantages of wealth and power, or the consideration to be dead. Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength. Everyone should be commended for allowing people to make disasters, to make failures - you've just got to be sure that it's a magnificent failure and that, by creating a magnificent failure, you plant the seed. Sports broadcasting is very open now. In the beginning you did encounter more traditional attitudes and get comments. But I'm talking about 12 years ago. Those among them that have not received our religion do not fright any from it, and use none ill that goes over to it, so that all the while I was there one man was only punished on this occasion. It's an indication of how cynical our society has become that any kind of love story with a sad theme is automatically ridiculed as sentimental junk. When I find someone who is worth it, I'll be nice and respect that person and put some time in. If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. It is not classified as a pagan religion. The so-called New Age activities and this are not called religions and therefore don't come under the prohibition of mingling church and state that we have in this country. The next thing I am doing is moving back home to Minnesota and getting involved in politics. I'm looking at a run for Senate in 2008, but in the meantime I am focused on knitting together the progressive network in the upper Midwest. What the New Yorker calls home would seem like a couple of closets to most Americans, yet he manages not only to live there but also to grow trees and cockroaches right on the premises. I was considered by my peers to be a good comedian. So that's all I ever strived to do was get some recognition from my peers. A proverb is the wisdom of many and the wit of one. In England, with all due respect, we have some of the plainest actresses in the entire world as our greatest. I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows? People will make leaps of faith and get excited by your product if you just get it in front of them. I am fussy, about my diet and straining my voice. I know, sounds a bit over the top. But I'm not as bad as I used to be. These days I don't drink alcohol for five days before a show - very dehydrating for the vocal cords, and all that acid reflux. I used to ban it for a fortnight. Nightmare. The rights of democracy are not reserved for a select group within society, they are the rights of all the people. It requires more strength to be gentle, so it's the everyday encounters of life that I think we've prepared children for and prepared them to be good to other people and to consider other people. I'm also interested in the modern suggestion that you can have a combination of love and sex in a marriage - which no previous society has ever believed. Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind! Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying. Being an actor in movies is a lot about the power of your imagination and making the circumstance real to you so the audience will feel that it's real. I'm fully aware that things that resonate and become real hits are the exception to the rule, so much so that I've wired myself for failure. Most vegetarians look so much like the food they eat that they can be classified as cannibals. I'm a romantic, and I like guys to bring flowers and buy some gifts - not expensive things, just romantic things. The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them. God's way of answering the Christian's prayer for more patience, experience, hope and love often is to put him into the furnace of affliction. Tell me who is able to keep his bed chaste, or which goddess is able to live with one god alone? Well, my relationship to America at the time I left was very limited. I'm blessed with a good pair of ears. That's how I fooled my piano teacher. I'd watch his fingers and I'd listen to it, and I just kind of basically learned it by myself. Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home. My work is like my vacation, so in a way every day is like Saturday. I found it an interesting portrait of a marriage in exploring notions of how one partner supports the other, whilst not jeopardizing the greater good - which is the family. One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. I agree with just about everyone in the reform debate when they say 'If you like what you have, you should be able to keep it.' But the truth is that none of the health reform bills making their way through Congress actually delivers on that promise. The trick of making movies in this culture is how to not give up everything that makes them worthwhile in order to get them made - and that's a tricky balance. It's probably a bit of a power trip when you befriend somebody enough that they trust you to tell you things. Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. Men are not great or small because of their material possessions. They are great or small because of what they are. It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases. Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy. In a relationship you want to treat people the way you want to be treated. The Royal Navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament it is its ancient and natural strength the floating bulwark of the island. The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation. The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme. No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation. Television is such an evolving medium. When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work. Youth smiles without any reason. It is one of its chiefest charms. Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. The Tea Party was born out of the disgust many Americans felt early in the financial crisis upon learning that the federal government was even contemplating reducing the principal on some troubled mortgages. I always felt different as a kid, and the Kinks were like, 'Yeah, we're the Kinks.' Celebrate your difference don't be afraid of your sense of humor, or your personality, or who you are. It emboldened me. Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work. You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change. Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally goodness is always the product of some art. There's so many things I want to do. I want to work with great filmmakers, great actors, great scripts. And there's no reason for me to do anything short of that, because I'm 24, I don't have a family, I don't need to make tons of money, and I'm not dying to get famous. If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business. There were periods of my life when a lot of people didn't believe in me. I still had faith in myself. I really had to ask myself life questions. Where do I see myself in five years? Create a ladder for yourself, and walk up the steps. Climb that ladder. Technological society has succeeded in multiplying the opportunities for pleasure, but it has great difficulty in generating joy. 'Funny Games' was conceived as a provocation. My other films are different. If people feel my other films are, or respond to them as provocation, then that's quite different. 'Funny Games' is the only one of mine where my intention was to provoke the audience. I think 'Dilbert' will remain popular as long as employees are frustrated and they fear the consequences of complaining too loudly. 'Dilbert' is the designated voice of discontent for the workplace. I never planned it that way. It just happened. Well, I don't know if this is true of everyone, but I have this relationship with my parents where, despite however mature or articulate or grown-up I think I've become, as soon as I go home, I turn into this petulant 13-year-old, especially with the tone of my voice. I learn from experience. I knew I was a winner back in the late sixties. I knew I was destined for great things. People will say that kind of thinking is totally immodest. I agree. Modesty is not a word that applies to me in any way - I hope it never will. I assure you that the training that you get in a midget, in a sprint car and perhaps in a Silver Crown car is really the kind of experience that makes you into a damn good race driver. My major was Fine Arts and Education thinking I would become an Art Teacher. I couldn't visualize myself as an art teacher, thinking how it wouldn't work. I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together. Of course there are regrets. I shall regret always that I found my own authentic voice in politics. I was too conservative, too conventional. Too safe, too often. Too defensive. Too reactive. Later, too often on the back foot. The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices. I would go to the deeps a hundred times to cheer a downcast spirit. It is good for me to have been afflicted, that I might know how to speak a word in season to one that is weary. A good government implies two things first, fidelity to the objects of the government secondly, a knowledge of the means, by which those objects can be best attained. Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy. When trying to remember my share in the glow of the eternal present, in the smile of God, I return to my childhood, too, for that is where the most significant discoveries turn up. When I do get free time, I spend a lot of it at home with my family and my close friends and I think that's what keeps me happy, healthy, grounded, and totally in check. The water in a vessel is sparkling the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has words which are clear the great truth has great silence. One of the places where we lived when I was growing up had this big wood out the back. And starting when I was about 8, I used to enjoy just walking alone through the wood late. Eleven p.m. Midnight. Later. Some people think football is a matter of life and death. I assure you, it's much more serious than that. I never wanted to be a celebrity I never wanted to be famous. And in my daily life, I work really hard to not trade on it in any way. Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality. The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate. Obviously, there's the seedy side of the strip club world and pole dancing. But, pole dancing, as an art form, is really beautiful. It's been hyper-sexualized because it's associated with strippers, but if you think about it, just in terms of other kinds of dancing, they're using an instrument to create these amazing dance forms. We immigrants can sometimes sound a little hysterical about this because we come from places that have tried this and we know where it leads. Anybody who's lived in countries with socialized health care knows that it becomes the dominant political issue. I think the Cold War works as a great analogy or simile for different kinds of conflict. It's funny, when you look back at it, it's one of the last times that the boundaries were clear. Now, as we see on 'Homeland,' there are no clear boundaries and enemies. What helped me was I had people around me to remind me to help my country even when it did me wrong, have respect for my people, my family, my nation and mankind. The federal government... knows how to put a missile in someone's room half way around the world with technology. Why don't we use some of that technology to save some lives here in America? The thirst for powerful sensations takes the upper hand both over fear and over compassion for the grief of others. I stupidly ignored education completely. I found it dull and I preferred to cause chaos and have fun. I regret this massively now. A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family. As a Christian, I think it's really important to find a man of God to trust and be supportive of me. With all the technology we're inventing and what they're coming up with scientifically, people are having longer lifetimes. It's scary, but in the same sense it's also very exciting. By nominating Chuck Hagel to be his Defense secretary, President Obama is putting forward an aloof contrarian who doesn't suffer fools - a striving politician who considers himself above politics. The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually fearing that you'll make one. The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime. It was a splendid summer morning and it seemed as if nothing could go wrong. Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age? Getting married and starting a family has been a lifelong goal and one that I have persevered through different paths up to it! All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience. Music is the best way for me to say I love you. We didn't lose the game we just ran out of time. Being a famous actress may give you a sense of being important, but believe me, it's just an illusion. Fiction is a kind of compassion-generating machine that saves us from sloth. Is life kind or cruel? Yes, Literature answers. Are people good or bad? You bet, says Literature. But unlike other systems of knowing, Literature declines to eradicate one truth in favor of another. Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future. Leadership is working with goals and vision management is working with objectives. Myths about the dire effects of genetically modified foods on health and the environment abound, but they have not held up to scientific scrutiny. And, although many concerns have been expressed about the potential for unexpected consequences, the unexpected effects that have been observed so far have been benign. Nature's music is never over her silences are pauses, not conclusions. My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run. Singing is my passion and I always wanted to travel the country. If you went for a job interview in a Glasgow law firm, they used to ask you what school you went to. And that was a way of finding out what religion you were. I grew up listening to Jay-Z, and I think the first time I really became obsessed with learning and thinking about lyrics was when I started listening to rap I was 11, 12, and started becoming aware of music beyond the familiar. To walk around with an ego is a bad thing. To have confidence in yourself is a great thing. The right to a trial is a core principle of the American legal system. Depriving Americans of these essential liberties undermines the Constitution while doing nothing to strengthen our national security. Basically, I believe the world is a jungle, and if it's not a bit of a jungle in the home, a child cannot possibly be fit to enter the outside world. Now I'm a wife and a mother of two. It's a really different role. I always referred to No Doubt as a marriage, because that's what it's like to be together for so long and go through what we've been through. I can't really have that relationship with them anymore. My dad has been married to his wife for 15 years and wherever he goes there better be a seat for her. I like real couples that tell you how to get through on Wednesdays when you're just at the end of your rope - the ones who really know how to make it through. We have to stop looking at Hollywood couples because you're going to get disappointed. James Bond is quite serious about his drinks and clothing and cigarettes and food and all that sort of thing. There is nothing wry or amused about James Bond. Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two. When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family? I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time. The fear of the never-ending onslaught of gizmos and gadgets is nothing new. The radio, the telephone, Facebook - each of these inventions changed the world. Each of them scared the heck out of an older generation. And each of them was invented by people who were in their 20s. I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete. I played with the same band for years and years and there's a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, it's nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources. When I sent those scripts, that was the lowest point of my life. We'd just had our second son, and when I went to collect them from hospital, I went to the bank to try and get some money to buy some diapers, the screen showed I've got $26 left. When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split the boulder. I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate. Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision. I really wanted to just be a musician. I didn't want to be anything else, but I was funny and all that. As a creative person, you just put something out into the consciousness of the society you live in. Magicians lose the opportunity to experience a sense of wonder. So the Marine Corps really did teach me to conquer fear, and then to go for higher causes, higher purposes. Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Wisdom is the quality that keeps you from getting into situations where you need it. No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me. Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue. History has shown that one cannot legislate a culture of integrity. And yet, one of the paramount responsibilities and challenges of corporate leadership is to ensure such a culture. You may either win your peace or buy it: win it, by resistance to evil buy it, by compromise with evil. The path to success is to take massive, determined action. Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. An art aims, above all, at producing something beautiful which affects not our feelings but the organ of pure contemplation, our imagination. It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time. Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people. Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you have to get it right the first time. If God drives a car, He'd drive a 1973 Ford LTD Brougham sedan with a claret-colored vinyl roof, with oxblood leather upholstery and an opera window. I've sung other people's music all my life. Usually I write about what I care about, which is a weakness but I think also a strength. I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife. As an instrument for practical action, law is responsive to the wisdom of its time, which may be wrong, but it carries forward, sometimes in opposition to this wisdom or passion, a memory of received values. I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life. I'm a very outgoing person. I'm always happy, I'm one of those people who are always smiling. If somebody described me to somebody else, they'd say the kid with the curly hair with the big smile on his face. I get along with everybody. Well, I think first of all there was a failure to have real, clear information at our disposal. There was a real lack of situational awareness. We didn't have the capabilities on the ground to give us real-time, accurate assessments of the physical condition of the city. War is not the quintessential emergency in which man has to prove himself, as my generation learned at its school desks in the days of the Kaiser rather, peace is the emergency in which we all have to prove ourselves. New Orleans, more than many places I know, actually tangibly lives its culture. It's not just a residual of life it's a part of life. Music is at every major milestone of our life: birth, marriage, death. It's our culture. You don't make peace with friends. You make it with very unsavory enemies. I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb. My sense of religion is Einstein's sense of relativity. I don't believe in God. I believe that energy never dies. So the possibility exists that you might be breathing in some other form of Moses or Buddha or Muhammad or Bobby Kennedy or Roosevelt or Martin Luther King or Jesus. The purpose of human life and the sense of happiness is to give the maximum what the man is able to give. Act strenuously, would appear to be our faith, and right thinking will take care of itself. Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something. I feel like I'm a fighter. I've fought my whole life to get to where I'm at. I like fight movies. When someone gets knocked down, I like to root for him to succeed. When I was five my parents bought me a ukulele for Christmas. I quickly learned how to play it with my father's guidance. Thereafter, my father regularly taught me all the good old fashioned songs. Lawsuits should not be used to destroy a viable and independent distribution system. The solution lies in the marketplace and not the courtroom. A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work. A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. The land is ours. It's not European and we have taken it, we have given it to the rightful people... Those of white extraction who happen to be in the country and are farming are welcome to do so, but they must do so on the basis of equality. I get along with all the women singers, but especially Dolly Parton. We talk the same hillbilly language. My relationship with Dean was great, but ultimately it wasn't a fulfilling marriage for either of us. I think the International Criminal Court could be a threat to American security interests, because the prosecutor of the court has enormous discretion in going after war crimes. And the way the Statute of Rome is written, responsibility for war crimes can be taken all the way up the chain of command. People assume that all artists make for terrible business people, but I'm in complete charge of my own career. Most women are not as young as they are painted. Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself. It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. It's become unfashionable to celebrate political achievement, and Labour achievement even less so. And it's positively uncouth to be proud of something that this Labour government is doing. So, slam me for saying so, but I'm really proud of the NHS. Courage: Great Russian word, fit for the songs of our children's children, pure on their tongues, and free. It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business. Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent. With the perspective afforded by the passage of time, where does 9/11 rank as a turning point in our national history? For the victims and their families, innocents going about their lives, suddenly and brutally murdered, no other day can ever matter as much. Sometimes power is all a person has, so they will protect it even unto their own destruction, for without power they have nothing. All the United States, it is a society that is split like to the bottom, that had very poor people in the country that is one of the wealthiest countries. I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love. Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide. The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas. All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families. People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, that's both liberating and alarming. The more education a woman has, the wider the gap between men's and women's earnings for the same work. Hatred is an affair of the heart contempt that of the head. Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision. It was just an idea I had, that it could be cool to have a book covered in fake fur. I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be. They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed. There are some people who become best friends with everyone they photograph. There are people that I really like and admire and respect, but in a way I think it's better to keep a distance. I think you get better pictures of people that you don't know very well. I don't really know a lot of famous people. I've met a lot of famous people. If I ran into Tom Hanks today, I would have to remind him who I was and he would then remember me. But he wouldn't come up to me and say, 'Hi Dave!' I couldn't help but to think back to my classmates at Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. They had the same talent, the same brains, the same dreams as the folks we sat with at Stanford and Harvard. I realized the difference wasn't one of intelligence or drive. The difference was opportunity. Call no man happy till he is dead. Robots are interesting because they exist as a real technology that you can really study - you can get a degree in robotics - and they also have all this pop-culture real estate that they take up in people's minds. My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra. But I have tried to go over it very carefully, not merely what the evidence is, but with psychoanalysts and psychologists, and I think we're just about all agreed that Lincoln and Speed did not have a homosexual relationship. Wisdom comes by disillusionment. Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education. Part of the beauty of the show in a way is that he's not perfect, but you can always count on him to do the right thing in a pinch. That's why he inspires people and inspires me. Totalitarianism is patriotism institutionalized. The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor. It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. If you pray enough for things, I am proof that they can happen. I feel like a kid on Christmas day now, every day. It's something I have wanted for a long time and I am as happy as anyone to be here. It is great to be back at my first love. I think there's something in the fact that it's hard to be good looking and funny. You have to have an oddball quality people have to sympathise with you to find you funny. The thing about the 600 words, I mean some day, you can do a very, very, very hard day's work and not write a word, just revising, or you would scribble a few words. When people ask me what makes movies great, it's the material. The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love. An arts education helps build academic skills and increase academic performance, while also providing alternative opportunities to reward the skills of children who learn differently. Everything officers go through in any chase anywhere in the country, but amped up 100 times! I'm right in the thick of things in a car going like 80 miles an hour, and doing 360s in the middle of the road. It was a wild ride. I've just finished my 20th book this past year and I'm working on my 21st book about the Middle East right now that I'll finish this year. And I get up early in the morning and when I get tired of the computer and tired of doing research, I walk 20 steps out to my woodshop and I either build furniture or paint paintings. I'm an artist too. Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things. If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable. Men cheat for the same reason that dogs lick their balls... because they can. Those whom the gods love grow young. When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it's a pretty honorable position to be in. I mean, if you have to wake up in the morning to be validated by the editorial page of the New York Times, you got a pretty sorry existence. Even in high school I was very interested in history - why people do the things they do. As a kid I spent a lot of time trying to relate the past to the present. To some it may be a thrill to be known, to me it's a thrill to start a friendship even up. All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people. Let us make future generations remember us as proud ancestors just as, today, we remember our forefathers. Art lies by its own artifice. There's no doubt that scientific training helps many authors to write better science fiction. And yet, several of the very best were English majors who could not parse a differential equation to save their lives. As long as I tell the truth I feel that nobody can touch me. Consider the perverse effect cap and trade has on altruistic actions. Say you decide to buy a small, high-efficiency car. That reduces your emissions, but not your country's. Instead it allows somebody else to buy a bigger S.U.V. - because the total emissions are set by the cap. I always approach comedy roles pretending they aren't funny. A lot of stand-up comedy guys, when they get a little famous, just give up their stand-up career, and it cancels out the thing that set them apart. I think it's unfortunate that there exists only one path in America to complete social legitimacy, and that is marriage. I think, for instance, that it would be far easier for Americans to elect a black president or a female president than an unmarried president. Our combination of great research universities, a pro-risk business culture, deep pools of innovation-seeking equity capital and reliable business and contract law is unprecedented and unparalleled in the world. When launching a product called an Energy Drink and named Red Bull, a product that stimulates body and mind, it is a short step to the roots where Red Bull came from. We have been doing this for 20 years - now it's called adventure sports, extreme sports, and outdoor sports. If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it. Just as I shall select my ship when I am about to go on a voyage, or my house when I propose to take a residence, so I shall choose my death when I am about to depart from life. Handmade presents are scary because they reveal that you have too much free time. Leon Theremin's original designs are elegant, ingenious and effective. As electronics goes, the theremin is very simple. But there are so many subtleties hidden in the details of the design. It's like a great sonnet, or a painting, or a speech, that is perfectly done on more than one level. I come from an Italian family. One of the greatest and most profound expressions we would ever use in conversations or arguments was a slamming door. The slamming door was our punctuation mark. Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear. Who do I like? I am a big fan of French and Saunders - not that that they are particularly stand-up I have to say, but I think they have been great for women and they are of themselves just incredibly funny whether they are male or female. These measures may not constitute an absolute guarantee of peace, but, in my opinion, they constitute the greatest preventive measures ever adopted by nations. Well tended garden is better than a neglected wood lot. I am fiscally prudent and socially progressive. I believe in protecting a woman's right to choose. I believe in marriage equality. If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports. This is why I belong, and why I believe. I commend to all this same search for happiness and for the truth. The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work. Took us a great amount of strength to get them into the world, and for them to be in the world. I think that their little spirits, you know, just said, well, we're going to be there. So it makes it very special because of it. The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting. I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore. If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world. Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt. I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier. Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy. The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil. Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself. The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture. History's a resource. In those parts of the world where learning and science has prevailed, miracles have ceased but in those parts of it as are barbarous and ignorant, miracles are still in vogue. I have no agenda except to be funny. Neither I or the writers profess to offer any worldly wisdom. Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving. It's easy being a humorist when you've got the whole government working for you. I don't know really. I've always been interested in the small picture instead of the big one, and I've always been interested in relationship pictures. The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world. But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour. For many years, it seemed as if nothing changed in Norway. You could leave the country for three months, travel the world, through coups d'etat, assassinations, famines, massacres and tsunamis, and come home to find that the only new thing in the newspapers was the crossword puzzle. The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young. The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes. If I have a style, I am not aware of it. Be grateful for the home you have, knowing that at this moment, all you have is all you need. Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women. Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is. I think you have to know how you feel when you're sad and it's healthy to mourn if a relationship ends. Fear is the foundation of safety. Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens. I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. I had three points I wanted to make: That not everybody in Hollywood is on the left, that Obama has broken a lot of the promises he made when he took office, and that the people should feel free to get rid of any politician who's not doing a good job. But I didn't make up my mind exactly what I was going to say until I said it. Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution. A constitutional democracy is in serious trouble if its citizenry does not have a certain degree of education and civic virtue. A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it. Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected. The more violent the body contact of the sports you watch, the lower the class. Investors have few spare tires left. Think of the image of a car on a bumpy road to an uncertain destination that has already used up its spare tire. The cash reserves of people have been eaten up by the recent market volatility. There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds. I like my wine like my women - ready to pass out. Some counterfeits reproduce so very well the truth that it would be a flaw of judgment not to be deceived by them. Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger. We have the duty to protect the life of an unborn child. My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones. The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again, Lord. They've taken your Bible away from the schools. They've forbidden little children to pray. They've taken the knowledge of God as best they can, and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America. Movies will end up being this esoteric art form, where only singular people will put films out in a small group of theaters. An artist must be a reactionary. He has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along. I think Karl Rove saw that in George W. Bush early on and understood the impact that he could have on Texas politics and probably on national politics. I believe the most important aspect of Medicare is not the structure of the program but the guarantee to all Americans that they will have high quality health care as they get older. Acting has always existed alongside my normal life. It's been a case of learning on the job. I've worked in so many styles, with so many people, so I've picked bits up from everyone and everything. As a young man you don't notice at all that you were, after all, badly affected. For years afterwards, at least ten years, I kept getting these dreams, in which I had to crawl through ruined houses, along passages I could hardly get through. I am just at that stage of wondering where I go from here. I came into this business almost by accident, but now it has become serious. What started as a bit of fun, something to do other than be a model, has taken on a different career curve. I have been forced to ask where that curve is going to end up. Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance. Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs. Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect. As I travel across the country speaking about MS, perhaps I can offer others comfort and hope. I was sad to see anybody leave, we had a very nice family on that show. I was very sad to see momma go, Victoria and especially Linda. My god that was my wife on the show, in fact my wife calls her wife. I stand before you today because this vision of government as the engine of opportunity is what I believe in. On banks, I make no apology for attacking spivs and gamblers who did more harm to the British economy than Bob Crow could achieve in his wildest Trotskyite fantasies, while paying themselves outrageous bonuses underwritten by the taxpayer. There is much public anger about banks and it is well deserved. That is the returning to God which in reality is never concluded on earth but yet leaves behind in the soul a divine home sickness, which never again ceases. If you can go out with your live show and turn people on to that, where you have that fan base that's religious and they're going to come see you when you're in that town, once your radio success is gone and you're not a mainstream guy anymore you can still go out and play your shows. I do enjoy reading some science fiction. No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily. What counts in Hollywood is box office. It doesn't really matter what people think of you as an actor because, as long as you have been in a movie that has made money, you will always get another job. A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate. Religion is the solid basis of good morals therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God. It's true, you can never eat a pet you name. And anyway, it would be like a ventriloquist eating his dummy. I want people to think of me as a nice person. I really am so blessed. All of this has been a great experience and I thank the American public so much for putting me in this position. I appreciate every second of it. Reason clears and plants the wilderness of the imagination to harvest the wheat of art. Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. A man's got to take a lot of punishment to write a really funny book. A lot of married people certainly have wonderful relationships with their dogs, but when you're single and your dog is the only other living thing in your house, it's a really special relationship which I wanted CATHY to have. It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online. What's important is promising something to the people, not actually keeping those promises. The people have always lived on hope alone. Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers. To those who have chosen the profession of medicine, a knowledge of chemistry, and of some branches of natural history, and, indeed, of several other departments of science, affords useful assistance. Playing a character who's dealing not only with a superpower but having a normal relationship is easy to associate with, because I feel that everyone has been through it. I like being at home and cooking. I love my early movies, but naturalism is an artist's early style. Now I want to deal with feelings, dreams, an acceptance of irrationality. Informed by our sad experience of history, we require nothing short of a foundation for lasting democracy. For what can war, but endless war, still breed? Americans want and deserve a broad array of health insurance choices so they can identify those that best fit their own individual or family needs. These choices expand when we allow free enterprise to foster innovation, not smother it with taxes and one-size fits all ideology. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign. Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. I don't do something necessarily to make a big profit or because it's a logical business decision. Affirmative action has a negative effect on our society when it means counting us like so many beans and dividing us into separate piles. Ezra was right half the time, and when he was wrong, he was so wrong you were never in any doubt about it. Movies have to handle time very efficiently. They're about stringing scenes together in the present. Novels aren't necessarily about that. I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else. Learning something new is fun. The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience. Poetry is composing for the breath. Half the states have stopped making civics and government a requirement for high school. Half. A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right, though neither believes it. In a recent Valentine's Day posting on her fan website, Britney Spears says that - oh, who cares? Well, there are better cartoonists now than there ever have been. I firmly believe that. There's some amazing work being done. I think it is really sad that when people lose their homes they kind of lose their minds too. Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile. One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side. The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide. Success is never final, but failure can be. Sometimes you want to go for a walk and you don't want to be watched. You just want to be anonymous and blend in. Especially when I travel, I feel that way, because I can't really go out and see a city the way other people can and I miss out on a lot. For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it. Most women are pragmatists who have allowed extremists on the left and right to manipulate the family issue for their own purposes. Change your opinions, keep to your principles change your leaves, keep intact your roots. In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable. I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation. I see myself as a performer and that applies to a Greek drama or a modern comedy. I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way. Scientists at MIT and engineering schools all across America say that they could improve the fuel economy standards for the existing set of vehicles by 10 miles per gallon using existing technology, without compromising safety or comfort at all. I love you more than my own skin. We wonder if we will be the first generation in American history to leave our children with fewer opportunities and a less prosperous nation than the one we inherited. Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets. My relationship to reality has been so utterly skewed for so long that I don't even notice it any more. It's just my reality. Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. While also, importantly, not wanting to dumb it down or pretend the days of 'difficult' poetry are over, because we live in a pluralist culture and there's room for 'difficult' poetry alongside rap and everything else. And poetry won't be for everyone, but everyone should have the choice. Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environmen. Know then thyself, presume not God to scan The proper study of mankind is man. Look at people for an example, but then make sure to do things your way. Surround yourself with positive people. Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have. Being famous is wicked. But it's better to be normal. My stance has always been that there's no place in our sport for drug users. I've always said it's a ban for life if you come up positive. I stand by that. My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet. Every man judges his own happiness and satisfaction with life in terms of his possession or lack of possession of those things that he considers worthwhile and valuable. I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond. The Internet has changed the way we communicate with each other, the way we learn about the world and the way we conduct business. It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.' Running clears my mind, and gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning. Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it. Every night I go over what I did in the day, in ethical or moral terms. Have I treated people properly? Did I tell the truth? It's a very good historical book about history. That is ever the way. Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse. The only time I think about life beyond F1 is when I contemplate becoming a dad. But there's no way that's going to happen while I'm still racing. To be successful in F1 you need to be very selfish in lots of ways and you're away from home for long periods. That's not the kind of father I want to be. Once the cry and the cause of a generation of progressives to make America safer, fairer and cleaner, 'regulation' is now a dirty word in our politics. Even Democrats are quick to talk about cutting regulations Republicans hate them with - how to put it? - evangelical fervor. If somebody asked me about my inspiration I would say that it's not the peopleand it's not the things, it's travel and experiencing different environments. It's an honor putting art above politics. Politics can be seductive in terms of things reductive to the soul. Now, I'm a failed political consultant. But sometimes fiction has a way of capturing people's imagination in a way that non-fiction doesn't. Conservatives typically haven't written much fiction - specifically political thrillers - over the years to educate, inspire and mobilize people on issues of great import, but we ought to. I think the more we embrace the culture of life and respect life, the better that we do. An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence. If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it. To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else. I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing. I showed my mom the movie then I told her the movie got bought and that it was gonna be shown in theatres and be on video. Everyone was really psyched about it. Everyone in my little town of hounds started to call me movie star. My wife and I have been together since 1986. I graduated in '86 and she graduated in '88. We began dating when she was 17. Actually she turned 18 when we started kissing and stuff. Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present. I based in Brazil, Sao Paulo, but I come very often to the states, and I travel all over the world. Falling in love is awesome, but I'm never drawn to happy songs per se, so whenever you sit down to write a heartbreak song and you're happily in love, it's like, 'OK, now I have to go back to a sad place to get something good.' There is no single development, in either technology or management technique, which by itself promises even one order-of-magnitude improvement within a decade in productivity, in reliability, in simplicity. There are millions of people who consume music illegally every month. Just getting them into a legal service will make the music industry way bigger than it's ever been before. If we don't like what the Republicans do, we need to get in there and change it. Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life let us swear eternal friendship. People who are sick, or who have been sick, or have come close to death have a lot to say - and they want you to hear it. Something called 'the Oklahoma Standard' became known throughout the world. It means resilience in the face of adversity. It means a strength and compassion that will not be defeated. The good parts of a book may be only something a writer is lucky enough to overhear or it may be the wreck of his whole damn life and one is as good as the other. A kitten is in the animal world what a rosebud is in the garden. To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best. Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family. Manners are the basic building blocks of civil society. They say in the grave there is peace, and peace and the grave are one and the same. The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled. I recycle. I have a house in the south of France and I have a small garden. My name is Dujardin - 'from the garden.' I grow carrots, peppers, strawberries, green beans, and things for salads, but there are lots of wild boars all around and they steal the food. I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard. The first couple of days on the detox diet aren't pleasant. In order for America to remain a global leader in innovation and opportunity, we must give our children a solid foundation in math and science. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence of the good people. Hamas is a terrorist organization dedicated to annihilating the Jewish state. It runs a theocratic totalitarian state in Gaza, with no individual liberty, and no freedom of speech or press. The place I feel most at home is when I have health insurance. I really don't care how I get it, whether it's on film, or television or waiting tables, you know? In movies, there are some things the French do that Americans are increasingly incapable of doing. One is honoring the complexities of youth. It's a quiet, difficult undertaking, requiring subtlety in a filmmaker and perception and patience from us. In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride. Religion is not a department of life it is something that enters into the whole of it. No matter how mistaken Communist ideas may be, the experience and knowledge gained by trying them out have given a tremendous impetus to thought and imagination. You cannot escape the results of your thoughts. Whatever your present environment may be, you will fall, remain or rise with your thoughts, your vision, your ideal. You will become as small as your controlling desire as great as your dominant aspiration. Father or stepfather - those are just titles to me. They don't mean anything. We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family, we will serve God, we will serve this constitutional republic, we will serve America. Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there. Imagination is not the exclusive appanage of artists, but belongs in varying degrees to all men. Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self. There is no fear before and no fear after. We give our best. War has been good to me from a financial standpoint but I don't want to make money that way. I don't want blood money. None of us and none of the Arabs trust Israel. Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on. I think I've earned a certain level of respect, based on my accomplishments and my consistency. Vast is the field of Science. The more a man knows, the more he will find he has to know. We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination. When you walk out of your house in the morning, you don't know what you're going to see. Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life. But if I have a lot of imagination, I could tell myself whatever I wanted, you know. I handle myself quite well. I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know. There's no discussion. There is an order. You follow it. Using these unnamed sources, if done properly, carefully and fairly, provides more accountability in government. I've met the most interesting people while flying or on a boat. These methods of travel seem to attract the kind of people I want to be with. If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else. I'm talking to you and it's basically a direct communication, whereas if I'm writing a letter to you and you read the letter, there are like 12 extra deconstruction and reconstruction steps in the communication. There is huge demand for artificial intelligence technologies. Civilized countries generally adopt gold or silver or both as money. Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of man will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice without constraint. I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor. The Royal Navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament it is its ancient and natural strength the floating bulwark of the island. Cultural anthropology is more and more rapidly getting to realize itself as a strictly historical science. I try to make people smile and dance, not think about things or educate them. Men marry because they are tired women, because they are curious both are disappointed. I don't want to have to say, Honey, you know, could you turn off the sports channel because I'm not a big sports fan, and I don't love the television being on just for the sake of turning on. I'd like turning on for some thing specific. Peace does exist. It exists in your heart and soul. After all my possessions had been burned, God gave me the wisdom to return to Jerusalem. All men are liable to error and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it. I loathe gardening, but I love gardens, and I have two beautiful gardens. I can not bear gardening, but I love gardens. No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen. A conservative is one who admires radicals centuries after they're dead. Virtue is not photogenic. What is it to be a nice guy? To be nothing, that's what. A big fat zero with a smile for everybody. We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure. Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. Expectancy is the atmosphere for miracles. In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized. The left has come to regard common sense - the traditional wisdom and folkways of the community - as an obstacle to progress and enlightenment. Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. This is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast over nature. The music just tends to be a vehicle for that poetry. You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion. I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing. I mean it's funny, playing music, how of course you want it to do well, you want them to like it, but it's not competitive like an election, it's the Olympics, it's not a Formula 1 race. The Billboard charts are just to show you what people like. I also meet with city officials, representatives from governors' offices, really anyone in that sort of position who has shown an interest in youth fitness, to let them know why this sort of program is so important. I give the same message when I speak at conferences. Focus on your music and not technology. I've looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank. I was worried about my mom more than I was worried about the president. And then I was worried about the president, and then I was worried about myself. There were two things going on: 1) I had already established in my own mind where I wanted to go with the next series, and having James around as a Grey Eminence would have complicated matters. He had had an amazing life and it was time to bid him good-bye. I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history. After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone. A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. There are hundreds of Frank Lloyd Wright buildings around the United States and in other countries, too. Wright lived into his 90s, and one of his most famous buildings, the Guggenheim Museum in New York, was completed just before his death. Wright buildings look like Wright buildings - that is their paradox. Higher education is one of few areas where this country competes with the rest of the world and wins. The best of American higher education outstrips any in the world. Look where the rest of the world goes for higher education, for graduate degrees. They come here. If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'? I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning. A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up. When you're starting out as an actor, there isn't much food around. I was lucky to have a hit pretty early on. I didn't starve too long. The environment doesn't change that radically. You are still going to go home at night and NBC is going to be there, ABC and CBS will still be there. A commitment to sexual equality with males is a commitment to becoming the rich instead of the poor, the rapist instead of the raped, the murderer instead of the murdered. I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart. Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war. It's like learning a language you can't speak a language fluently until you find out who you are in that language, and that has as much to do with your body as it does with vocabulary and grammar. Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men. He described how, as a boy of 14, his dad had been down the mining pit, his uncle had been down the pit, his brother had been down the pit, and of course he would go down the pit. The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present. And even Moonstruck - for some reason the audience were just in the mood for a very romantic film, because it's one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. Glasgow's not a media center. When you're there, when you're hanging about, you feel quite detached from musical movements or fashions or anything like that. You do feel quite alone, in a good way. We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying. If we divine a discrepancy between a man's words and his character, the whole impression of him becomes broken and painful he revolts the imagination by his lack of unity, and even the good in him is hardly accepted. The result showed the wisdom of your orders. If you're a Christian you don't sit there and worry about what somebody else is doing, if they're happy and they're committed in a relationship. The primary factor is proportions. A lot of Hollywood couples get married young and wind up growing out of their relationship. Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights. People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never. Hobbies of any kind are boring except to people who have the same hobby. This is also true of religion, although you will not find me saying so in print. Every neurosis is a primitive form of legal proceeding in which the accused carries on the prosecution, imposes judgment and executes the sentence: all to the end that someone else should not perform the same process. There is a film called 'A Separation.' If you see it playing, go see it. It's beautiful. It's so well written and the acting is amazing. It's one of those films that you would love to be a part of. The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn. To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it. It's always a combination of physics and poetry that I find inspiring. It's hard to wrap your head around things like the Hubble scope. I hate injustice, and I can't help but speak against it. But I don't want to get involved in politics. There is no secret, once we go to qualifying, we all seem to enjoy it. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that. I have not supported same-sex marriage. I have supported civil partnerships and contractual relationships. It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else. When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest. In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change. I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it. Language, philosophy, and science are interwoven into the design of words, which are manipulated to create surprising illusions. It's funny, but you get to a time in your life when you think you have all the friends you will ever have. Some of the reasons John McCain lost in 2008 were his lackluster campaign, his refusal to showcase Obama's extreme liberalism and, thus, his failure to demonstrate why he would make a better president than Obama. The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. I used to think that losing made you more hungry and determined but after my success at the Olympics and the U.S. Open I realise that winning is the biggest motivation. I do not recall a Jewish home without a book on the table. The Cold War isn't thawing it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting. Most modern science fiction went to school on 'Dune.' Even 'Harry Potter' with its 'boy protagonist who has not yet grown into his destiny' shares a common theme. When I read it for the first time, I felt like I had learned another language, mastered a new culture, adopted a new religion. Greece's European neighbors were able step in and bolster the weak foundation on which Greece's free-spending budget was based. It would be difficult for any country, or intergovernmental organization, to rescue an economy the size of the U.S. if investors were ever to lose faith in our bonds because of our enormous debt. It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene. If you don't drink, smoke, or drive a car, you're a tax evader. I don't think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. It's just maturity. I've become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence. Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well. I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land. I think a lot of times on TV we see caricatures - that's what's funny. Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America. The end of poetry is not to create a physical condition which shall give pleasure to the mind... The end of poetry is not an after-effect, not a pleasurable memory of itself, but an immediate, constant and even unpleasant insistence upon itself. The dog is the god of frolic. I mean, sports are big, big, big business. The accumulation of numbers always augments in some measure moral corruptions, and the consequences to health of the various vices incident thereto, are well known. You need to know what makes artists tick. Having been through the process myself as a musician, since I was an early teen, gave me an advantage - understanding them from their point of view, because it's about them, it's not about you - it's their vision and what they're capable of achieving, and you're the conduit. The world is starving for original and decisive leadership. We are naive and moralistic women. We are human beings who find politics a blight upon the human condition. And do not know how one copes with it except through politics. The willow is my favorite tree. I grew up near one. It's the most flexible tree in nature and nothing can break it - no wind, no elements, it can bend and withstand anything. From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what. The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem. Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed. Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit. Life always rides in strength to victory, not through internationalism... but only through the direct responsibility of the individual. Being seventy is not a sin. I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics! Poetry is at least an elegance and at most a revelation. We have an amazing fan base all around the world that love 40FT. To me I'm just a regular person going to the mall with friends, and now I'm in Forever 21 and I see this random group of girls staring at me and taking pictures. But now I usually have my dad, who is a really tall and intimidating person with me, so he's kind of my bodyguard. I like Mr. Gorbachev, we can do business together. I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too. You can get awful famous in this country in seven days. Faith indeed tells what the senses do not tell, but not the contrary of what they see. It is above them and not contrary to them. The belief that all genuine education comes about through experience does not mean that all experiences are genuinely or equally educative. It takes two to make a relationship, but only one to screw it up. The worst gift that I ever gave a girl was a suitcase for Christmas. As in, 'I can't think of anything to give you, but here's a new suitcase.' Afterward, I was like, 'What were you thinking, idiot?' I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged. Science and literature are not two things, but two sides of one thing. Manifesting that order of poetry where we can at last grow up to that which we stored up as we grew. I think it would be a lot easier if I said, 'I feel like a dude,' but I was raised by a southern mom, so I know how to put on lipstick and walk in heels and rock that look. It's exactly that juxtaposition that confuses people. What helped me was I had people around me to remind me to help my country even when it did me wrong, have respect for my people, my family, my nation and mankind. The value systems of those with access to power and of those far removed from such access cannot be the same. The viewpoint of the privileged is unlike that of the underprivileged. Art is an attempt to integrate evil. There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics. If history, philosophy and so on vanish from academic life, what they leave in their wake may be a technical training facility or corporate research institute. But it will not be a university in the classical sense of the term, and it would be deceptive to call it one. Organizations endure, however, in proportion to the breadth of the morality by which they are governed. Thus the endurance of organization depends upon the quality of leadership and that quality derives from the breadth of the morality upon which it rests. World War II was the last government program that really worked. Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache, carries with it the Seed of an equivalent or greater Benefit. I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life. The Bush administration also was not straightforward about the intelligence it had, releasing tenuous information that fit its goal of attacking Iraq. I feel deceived. When I am traveling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly. The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble. The only thing we never get enough of is love and the only thing we never give enough of is love. I think Jersey stands alone, and because I'm from Jersey, I never make fun of where people are from. I'll make fun of what they look like, but I'll never make fun of where they are from. Jersey is special. The cool thing about music is no one can take music away from you, writing wise. Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns. You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot. Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know. If you're giving love and not receiving it, you're not in the right relationship. If you're receiving it and not giving it than you are taking advantage of the other person. A man is a fool if he drinks before he reaches the age of 50, and a fool if he doesn't afterward. Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness. I am fussy, about my diet and straining my voice. I know, sounds a bit over the top. But I'm not as bad as I used to be. These days I don't drink alcohol for five days before a show - very dehydrating for the vocal cords, and all that acid reflux. I used to ban it for a fortnight. Nightmare. There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics. I've never believed in singing about Satan and thinking he's cool, because he's not. A test of a people is how it behaves toward the old. It is easy to love children. Even tyrants and dictators make a point of being fond of children. But the affection and care for the old, the incurable, the helpless are the true gold mines of a culture. AP promoted me to the White House beat because I knew Clinton, his family, friends, and staff better than anybody in the national press corps. Those contacts helped me break a few stories and get my career in Washington jump-started. It's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election. There are so many things to think about when you make an album. Like, who am I trying to impress? Am I going to get respect, critical acclaim? Or am I going to sell lots of records? Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours. Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd. I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me. I just think that sports movies have such a built-in visceral, rooting interest, an epic win or lose redemptive quality. When they get it right, it can make for a really rousing movie experience. If you do not accuse each other, God will not accuse you. If you have no accuser you will enter heaven. What many people call sin is not sin I do many things to break down superstition, and I will break it down. I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children. I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances. Art for art's sake, money for God's sake. You do need parental guidance and I was in a great position with both my mum and dad. They split when I was a baby but even though I stayed with my mom they were both very much involved in my upbringing. I'm one of those hovering mothers and I know it's really important to have an independent child, so I'm trying to back off, but it's hard. I love him so much, and he's so funny and cute to me. I know it's a cliche but I never wanted to be famous. I don't believe anybody wants to be famous. Complex, statistically improbable things are by their nature more difficult to explain than simple, statistically probable things. What is called a sincere work is one that is endowed with enough strength to give reality to an illusion. You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition. The first few weeks football players look at you like you are speaking a foreign language. My job is to get them to trust me, trust the system. I ask them to run in a way that makes no sense to them. Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? The mother. My best investment is my imagination, because it has never failed to bring me my greatest returns! It would be fun to do a reunion show. I hope we do it some day, but it better be soon. We're all getting on. For a man who has done his natural duty, death is as natural as sleep. I just want to be myself and go for my own dreams and goals. For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places. I love the old Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly movies they're so beautiful to look at. It's such a shame we don't make them anymore. Although, I don't know how you could make tap dancing current and topical. A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die. All living beings, not just animals, but plants and microorganisms, perceive. To survive, an organic being must perceive - it must seek, or at least recognize, food and avoid environmental danger. The greatest act of faith is when a man understands he is not God. I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem. If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need. Medical physics is an applied area of physics. I think everybody faces challenges in their lives. I've definitely been through it - not to the extreme that Astrid did. I try to keep some kind of identity and strength. I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith. My mother worked in factories, worked as a domestic, worked in a restaurant, always had a second job. You always have certain strengths and certain weaknesses, and you want to compensate for your weaknesses... I have a real duty to earn the trust of the faculty. I don't just deserve it. I have to earn it. There are no morals about technology at all. Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things. If we're bad people we use technology for bad purposes and if we're good people we use it for good purposes. One of the problems we've had is that the ICT curriculum in the past has been written for a subject that is changing all the time. I think that what we should have is computer science in the future - and how it fits in to the curriculum is something we need to be talking to scientists, to experts in coding and to young people about. Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved. I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people. My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world. I have my own religion. I'm sort of one-quarter Baptist, one-quarter Catholic, one-quarter Jewish. Rule of art: Cant kills creativity! It all starts with the script: it's not worth taking myself away from my family if I don't have something I'm really passionate about. There is one question that I don't think Gary Condit can answer, and that I think is why we all aimed at Gary Condit, besides the fact that he has a relationship. Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people. You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. The bill neither confers nor abridges the rights of anyone but simply declares that in civil rights there shall be equality among all classes of citizens and that all alike shall be subject to the same punishment. Such manifestations I account as representing the creative leadership of the new forces of thought and appreciation which attend changes in technological pattern and therefore of the pattern of human relationships in society. My business is the enforcement of the tax laws and the integrity of the tax code and making sure that trustees of charitable giving are true trustees. James Finch is exactly what I'm looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun. That's one of the cool things about fame. You have an affect on society and where it goes. Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better. Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time. No, writing musicals is the hardest thing in the world. And it was really funny, because I remember when the South Park movie came out, there were some critics that said, 'Well it's obvious that in order to get it to be 90 minutes they filled some time with music.' I don't want to talk about intelligence matters. I will say, however, that intelligence-community estimates should not become public in the way of this city and in the way of Congress. You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge. If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. One is never ready for success. It consecrates and looses you at the same time. More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause. Survival requires us to leave our prejudices at home. It's about doing whatever it takes - and ultimately those with the biggest heart will win. When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth. I don't drive around London much. Any journey around Islington involves hundreds of speed bumps that seem to tear the bottom of your car off. I'd like to state that Spike Lee is not saying that African American culture is just for black people alone to enjoy and cherish. Culture is for everybody. War - An act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. I want to sit with 80- and 90-year-old people more than anyone. They have played this game before. Not one of them has told me, 'I wish I had more money.' My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older. Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful. Sometimes this works miracles. Maybe it's a tired tale, but without an education, you're not going to go anywhere. I am positive that flexibility is a feminine characteristic. With the theatre, your whole day is geared towards the evening's show, and that's the job. People usually go to work about 9 and come home around 5, or maybe 7. When resources are degraded, we start competing for them, whether it is at the local level in Kenya, where we had tribal clashes over land and water, or at the global level, where we are fighting over water, oil, and minerals. So one way to promote peace is to promote sustainable management and equitable distribution of resources. Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. However, we still have the problem of free travel and movement, since the Travel Documents issued by UNMIK as the substitute to passports, are not fully recognized yet by all countries. Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires. Voters must have faith in the electoral process for our democracy to succeed. Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think? My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often. The intellectual tradition is one of servility to power, and if I didn't betray it I'd be ashamed of myself. I have this embedded faith in the process through which films of a certain type get discovered on longer timelines. It's mainly about working hard and proving to people you're serious about it, and stretching yourself and learning. The mistake a lot of actors make, particularly young ones, is allowing themselves to feel that they're the finished articles, the bee's knees, and it's not true. I love music. I wouldn't like to be in movies. Movie people are strange. They live a different life than musicians do. The fastest way to break the cycle of perfectionism and become a fearless mother is to give up the idea of doing it perfectly - indeed to embrace uncertainty and imperfection. As state leaders, I think its important for us to provide our perspectives on issues we face every day - like access to school spending, access to health care and governing in a global economy. The defendant wants to hide the truth because he's generally guilty. The defense attorney's job is to make sure the jury does not arrive at that truth. For after my marriage I had made various attempts to write fiction. They were clearly failures. It's horrible when people are only interested in buying labels, because it doesn't bring them the happiness they think it will. The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden. I believe that laughter is the best emotional Band-Aid in the world. It's like nature's Neosporin. I have a lot of amazing women, you know, women in my life who have been an example for me of what not to do. When my son was born, and after a day of lying-in I was told that I could leave the hospital and take him home, I burst into tears. It wasn't the emotion of the moment: it was shock and horror. I have not made any plans for the future, and my wife would kill me if I announced anything before that. God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him. There's a lot of bitterness, there's a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds. Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him. I love Halloween, trick or treating and decorating the house. And I love Thanksgiving, because of the football and the fall weather. And of course, I love Christmas - that's my favorite of all! Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. I have no use for people who throw their weight around as celebrities, or for those who fawn over you just because you are famous. Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life. Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery. At the age of 15, a teacher had asked me what I wanted to do for a career, and without knowing why or even how I replied that I wanted to be a poet. I have never seen opponents so silent about their record, and so desperate to keep their power. I think love can happen at any age... it has no age. The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free. Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore? I was away from the front lines for a while this spring, living with other troops, and considerable fighting took place while I was gone. When I got ready to return to my old friends at the front I wondered if I would sense any change in them. Politics makes strange bedfellows. Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist. I love readings and my readers, but the din of voices of the audience gives me stage fright, and the din of voices inside whisper that I am a fraud, and that the jig is up. Surely someone will rise up from the audience and say out loud that not only am I not funny and helpful, but I'm annoying, and a phony. We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man. Human folk are as a matter of fact eager to find intelligence in animals. Our happiness depends on wisdom all the way. Happiness is mental harmony unhappiness is mental inharmony. I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph. Historically, the family has played the primary role in educating children for life, with the school providing supplemental scaffolding to the family. Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give. I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage. Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like. Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up. She goes through the vale of death alone, each time a babe is born. As it is the right neither of man nor the state to coerce her into this ordeal, so it is her right to decide whether she will endure it. I would do it today because the thing that appealed to me was not necessarily the mechanics of the robot, but it was his personality and how funny and charming he was. Our health care system is the finest in the world, but we still have too many uninsured Americans, too high prices for prescription drugs, and too many frivolous lawsuits driving our physicians out of state or out of business. Many memory techniques involve creating unforgettable imagery, in your mind's eye. That's an act of imagination. Creating really weird imagery really quickly was the most fun part of my training to compete in the U.S. Memory Competition. I'm very free-spirited and crazy. I love to have fun, and I like doing stupid things. At the same time, I'm like a 35-year-old. I have a house. I have a car. I have a steady job. I have a business, and I have to make serious decisions. Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used. A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere. I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie, which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was. If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now. If you lose the power to laugh, you lose the power to think. Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery. If modernist naturalism were true, there would be no objective truth outside of science. In that case right and wrong would be a matter of cultural preference, or political power, and the power already available to modernists ideologies would be overwhelming. It is impossible to persuade a man who does not disagree, but smiles. I gave up lots of things I love doing: writing, and business, and playing the piano and so on. Men who know themselves are no longer fools. They stand on the threshold of the door of Wisdom. In matters of truth the fact that you don't want to publish something is, nine times out of ten, a proof that you ought to publish it. I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age. If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments. Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible not to run away. I played a ton of team sports growing up, and team wins are just incredibly gratifying. The art world is molting - some would say melting. Galleries are closing museums are scaling back. The gift of loneliness is sometimes a radical vision of society or one's people that has not previously been taken into account. I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs. The world will change for the better when people decide they are sick and tired of being sick and tired of the way the world is, and decide to change themselves. Water is always a support or a healing thing apart from, you know, love or peace of mind. I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me. Popular art is the dream of society it does not examine itself. Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners. Fear and greed are potent motivators. When both of these forces push in the same direction, virtually no human being can resist. I have a great deal of respect and admiration for people who put themselves on the line. And harmony means that the relationship between all the elements used in a composition is balanced, is good. Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible. The government is also looking at further benefits including enhanced capital allowances the use of Tax Incremental Finance and extra help from UK Trade and Investment on inward investment and trade opportunities. The Middle East is hopeful. There's hope there. Do I have a long-term plan? Kind of. I have a general direction, I think. But it's funny what comes down the pike. I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!' I don't understand how somebody wouldn't have a sense of humor about themselves. I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth. All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money. I think it's a good thing for a president or political leaders to want to put their values or their faith into action. Desmond Tutu did that in South Africa. Martin Luther King Jr. did that here. This is a good thing. If there were no God, it would be necessary to invent him. I suppose I'm intrigued with the bad traits of society, because I'm a part of society, and the bad traits pose the dangerous questions for our future. I think it is really sad that when people lose their homes they kind of lose their minds too. Peace is rarely denied to the peaceful. Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease. The true face of smoking is disease, death and horror - not the glamour and sophistication the pushers in the tobacco industry try to portray. A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves. The history of our country is cruel. We have to face those issues or, should I say, we had to. Not anymore I hope, because we are going in the right direction, and we are ready to forgive, ready to move on. Love of our neighbour, then, has just the same respect to, is no more distant from, self-love, than hatred of our neighbour, or than love or hatred of anything else. No one may speak for the dead, no one may interpret their mutilated dreams and visions. You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory. If we wish our state's growth to continue, then our future will increasingly be with industries that require a highly skilled and technically proficient workforce. Time does not change us. It just unfolds us. Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear. I love the live performances and Las Vegas. I also like making films that are being discovered by another generation. Having been a teen idol of the '60s is great because you realize you left your generation with a smile and good memories. Abused patience turns to fury. Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing. A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses. The phenomenon of home schooling is a wonderful example of the American can-do attitude. Growing numbers of parents have become disenchanted with government-run public schools. Many parents have simply taken matters into their own hands, literally. Do we talk about the dignity of work? Do we give our students any reason for believing it is worthwhile to sacrifice for their work because such sacrifices improve the psychological and mental health of the person who makes them? Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica. I have a very silly sense of humor. I've never laughed harder in my entire life than seeing someone with toilet paper stuck on the bottom of their shoe. With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I have learned in my life I've found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying. I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems. But an old age serene and bright, and lovely as a Lapland night, shall lead thee to thy grave. It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win. The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today. Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are. Truly I never thought of myself as writing legal thrillers, and I still don't think I do. I write stories about women. Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence. Ironing boards are a classic example of something I find horrible about modern society: the excitementation, for want of a better word, of mundane things. I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it. A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams. The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. No amount of study or learning will make a man a leader unless he has the natural qualities of one. The five separate fingers are five independent units. Close them and the fist multiplies strength. This is organization. Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason. I've been blessed by doing classic plays on Broadway, which was one of my great dreams forever. We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, What's wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up? I will continue to push for doubling the strength of the U.S. Border Patrol, and to make sure that every cargo container that enters this nation is screened for radiation and potential weapons of mass destruction. Robert Walker as Bruno was excellent. He had elegance and humor, and the proper fondness for his mother. I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters. I found that our Soviet espionage efforts had virtually never, or had very seldom, produced any worthwhile political or economic intelligence on the Soviet Union. My mom wasn't a movie star. Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children. Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family. Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. My mom knows pretty well how I see her. My nature just changes. Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it. I think that much of this was running in background as I contemplated whether or not to attend the PS 99 reunion, although I certainly anticipated that I would not it smelled like death, not youth. Well, the truth is always what should be told. And the truth and the knowledge of the truth is what everybody should represent, regardless of the consequences of doing it. I'm one of those people you hate because of genetics. It is the truth. Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it. Courage in danger is half the battle. I have faith the men and women of the Coast Guard will immediately rise to the challenge and see the people hit by Katrina through until the storm has truly calmed. If youth knew if age could. I only want to make music because I have a passion for it. I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that. When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12. A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family. The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going. When you decide to get involved in a military operation in a place like Syria, you've got to be prepared, as we learned from Iraq and Afghanistan, to become the government, and I'm not sure any country, either the United States or I don't hear of anyone else, who's willing to take on that responsibility. I saw Richard Linklater's film 'Slacker' for my twenty-first birthday. That was the moment when it all seemed possible. This guy gave me hope. Well, religion has been passed down through the years by stories people tell around the campfire. Stories about God, stories about love. Stories about good spirits and evil spirits. Time is compressed like the fist I close on my knee... I hold inside it the clues and solutions and the power for what I must do now. Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God. It's amazing that this is all happening to Lost in Space. My grandmother and I saw an average of eight movies a week, double features, second run. I think I was lucky to come of age in a place and time - the American South in the 1960s and '70s - when the machine hadn't completely taken over life. The natural world was still the world, and machines - TV, telephone, cars - were still more or less ancillary, and computers were unheard of in everyday life. If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil. If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology. Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections. Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war. Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose. I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free. The drink? Yes, I've had tough times in my life, especially the last year, regarding my ex-wife, my kids, I nearly broke my neck, I was on death row with pneumonia. Everybody in their own imagination decides what scary is. Accordingly, it is our task to ensure that the Government formulates policies that foster the continued development of the IT sector while also providing for citizens' access to technology and opportunity for economic advancement. I know I did the right thing by taking time off to raise my son. But it also came at a price. I turned down many opportunities over the years because I didn't want to leave him for long periods of time. And in Hollywood, as in any business, the calls stop coming when you don't answer. If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance. Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people. The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. I certainly saw science as a kind of calling, and one with as much legitimacy as a religious calling. A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire. I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way. The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. I respect someone's right to privacy and I want them to know it. The '80s were fabulous. The '90s sucked, and the '70s were just a sad, sad time in human history. Go 1980s! There's something that's just so cute about that time. And not just yellow nail polish and 'I'm a loner.' I can't talk about foreign policy like anyone who's spent their life reading and learning foreign policy. But as a citizen in a democracy, it's very important that I participate in that. A marriage without conflicts is almost as inconceivable as a nation without crises. We are all serving a life sentence, and good behavior is our only hope for a pardon. We've got fuel prices coming down and good travel numbers coming out, so it's not surprising airline stocks are going up. You know what the fastest growing religion in America is? Statism. The growing reliance on government. Americans will respect your beliefs if you just keep them private. I value peace when it is not bought at the price of fundamental decencies. The people I grew up around who I really liked were quick on the draw. It always just wowed me. And my mum would make weird funny comments. I can see in myself her self-deprecating, hippie humour. I can't take myself too seriously. It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline, what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist. Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function. If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball. I have been enlightened. I have fallen into poetry and it has swallowed me up. Dreaming of a tomorrow, which tomorrow, will be as distant then as 'tis today. I look up to people who succeed in accomplishing their dreams. The present moment is nice but it does not last. Living in it is like waiting in a junction town for the morning limited the junction may be interesting but some day you will have to leave it and you do not know where the limited will take you. I used to sit near Marilyn Monroe in the Actor's Studio. She'd get dressed up because that was her identity. Sad. Those cameras wouldn't leave her alone. She didn't know where to hide. Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action. It would be too frightening for me to consider myself a role model. But I like the idea of not being afraid of letting your imagination rule you, to feel the freedom of expression, to let creativity be your overwhelming drive rather than other things. Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble. I said to my friends that if I was going to starve, I might as well starve where the food is good. I don't like doing movies, period. Movies are hard. I like TV. Don't be afraid to feel as angry or as loving as you can, because when you feel nothing, it's just death. Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don't take it too seriously. In my old age, I'll be in L.A. Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer. I like figuring out where I need to be mentally so that I'm not thinking about the camera and that it's second nature. I want to get to a place where I can exist within the confines of what you can do with filmmaking and not have to think about it. Our goals for this nation must be nothing less than to double the size of our economy and bring prosperity and jobs, ownership and equality of opportunity to all Americans, especially those living in our nation's pockets of poverty. The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat. Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand. I've always leaned toward a feminine, funky style, even in business settings. I used to paint my nails blue in 1993, before it was mainstream. Belief gets in the way of learning. Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman. I think 'Family Guy' and 'American Dad' have definitely staked out their own style and territory, and now the accusations are coming that 'The Simpsons' is taking jokes from 'Family Guy.' And I can tell you, that ain't the case. There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust. What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind. For passion, be it observed, brings insight with it it can give a sort of intelligence to simpletons, fools, and idiots, especially during youth. Enraging liberals is simply one of the more enjoyable side effects of my wisdom. Today, corruption has won and justice has lost. I brought corruption cases in good faith involving powerful people, and the political and legal establishment blatantly covered up and retaliated by targeting my law license. Poorer students take out larger loans and will have to contribute more to the cost of higher education. I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy. We were called The Toilets originally - we were flushed with success. If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business. I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst. I cannot give a single concert at which I do not play one piece after the other in an agony of terror because my memory threatens to fail me. This fear torments me for days beforehand. I'll get up in the morning while they've all got hangovers and run my 5 miles. But the women who do run are usually 10 years younger than me and they're really obsessed about running. That's all they do. They're really boring. Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence. The scientific imagination always restrains itself within the limits of probability. As we become purer channels for God's light, we develop an appetite for the sweetness that is possible in this world. A miracle worker is not geared toward fighting the world that is, but toward creating the world that could be. I do not intend to dispute in any way the need for defence cuts and the need for government spending cuts in general. I do not share a not in my backyard approach to government spending reductions. To understand this Christmas record, you have to understand our ministry. So much of life is luck. One day you make a right turn and get hit by a car. Turn left and you meet the love of your life. I think I made the correct turn. He who avoids complaint invites happiness. Run a home like you would a small business and treat it with the same seriousness. Like any business, the oil industry runs on the basic premise of supply and demand. The more supply - the lower the price. The higher the demand - the higher price. In other words, the more people who can buy oil, the higher the price of oil. I'm a romantic. On radio and television, magazines and the movies, you can't tell what you're going to get. When you look at the comic page, you can usually depend on something acceptable by the entire family. Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. It's easier to date a football player for sure. Football players have one game a week, and they practice every day, but they're all at home. In basketball, they're on the road all the time. 'The Food Network' was just starting in New York, and I was getting lots of attention from Mesa Grill. They had no money, so if you couldn't get there by subway, you couldn't be on. It wasn't like TV was something I really wanted to do - but I knew it would be great publicity for my restaurants. After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration. I praise the Lord here today. I know that all my talent and all my ability comes from him, and without him I'm nothing and I thank him for his great blessing. I used to go to Bourbon Street when I was a kid and there would be club after club after club of people who were around when the music started. I mean these are legendary, maybe not so well known, but legendary musicians. To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving. My mom knows pretty well how I see her. There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst. Romance is mush, stifling those who strive. It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had. Fathers in today's modern families can be so many things. When my mother got home from work, she would take me to the movies. It was her way of getting out, and she would take me with her. I'd go home and act all the parts. It had a tremendous influence on my becoming an actor. Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense. To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience. Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months. A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience. I'm not only a lawyer, I have a post doctorate degree in federal tax law from William and Mary. I work in serious scholarship and work in the United States federal tax court. My husband and I raised five kids. We've raised 23 foster children. We've applied ourselves to education reform. We started a charter school for at-risk kids. I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing. So I had to be careful. I recognized the responsibility that, whether I liked it or not, I had to accept whatever the obligation was. That was to behave in a manner, to carry myself in such a professional way, as if there ever is a reflection, it's a positive one. You can' t help being a musician because you've grown up with music, yet being one means being compared to your dad and being slated for it. But I really don't have the ambitions of most people going into the industry. Such schemes take money from people who can least afford to spend it to support an unneeded bureaucracy that eats money people thought they were providing for education. Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it. Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything. I think for business reasons, fiscal reasons, I think these cable networks can take greater risks and I think with a risk comes better programming. And I think USA has got an amazing identity to it now that is clearly defined with its 'Characters welcome' tag. There's no anger ever in a spiritual. There's always the dream of a hope of a better day coming. That God understands the troubles that I'm experiencing. Also, as I lay there thinking of my vision, I could see it all again and feel the meaning with a part of me like a strange power glowing in my body but when the part of me that talks would try to make words for the meaning, it would be like fog and get away from me. My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race, you never give up. Next to the love of God, the love of country is the best preventive of crime. I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children. Keep it simple, keep it sexy, keep it sad. No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor. By forgetting the past and by throwing myself into other interests, I forget to worry. True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. Men and women have strengths that complement each other. If we wish to discuss knowledge in the most highly developed contemporary society, we must answer the preliminary question of what methodological representation to apply to that society. I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results. Faith: not wanting to know what is true. The universe never did make sense I suspect it was built on government contract. I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring. Worry does not mean fear, but readiness for the confrontation. Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain again begin this, and thou wilt have finished. It's amazing where the paranoid mind can take you. Color is a plastic means of creating intervals... color harmonics produced by special relationships, or tensions. We differentiate now between formal tensions and color tensions, just as we differentiate in music between counterpoint and harmony. Next year, I hope there will be even more parties, lots of holidays and just having a good time, really. Plus wing-walking, air shows and learning to fly, as they are all things I want to do. I won't be restricted by age. What I've learned in my life, it's a very interesting social study for me, to go back and forth between being the guy at home and being the guy on the road and being the guy in studio and being the guy in the interview. The environment around you has so much to do with your character, and when I'm home, my character really changes quite a bit. I went looking for dresses and realized there was a niche I could fill in the wedding dress market. It was sad when Sid Vicious died... I was freaked out when Phil Lynott died from Thin Lizzy. I cried. It was too crazy. As the war on terror continues, Americans must honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for the protection of this nation and the hope of peace. I think all the knowledge and all the travels that I've done, I'm going to do a lot of great work in the future. Before, I guess, mum and dad were everything, but now, in my case, I had two new girls and all of a sudden they're completely dependent on you and there's a third generation. It's a funny shift all of a sudden. You have the babies, you have yourself and then you have your parents. Do you force your kids to pay attention to what's going on, or do you let them live their lives outside of it? My hope is that my child is a strong activist. That would make me most proud. I'd been a wedding singer through college, but after a few years of doing my best renditions of jazz standards to clinking glasses and the sound of forks on salad, I thought, 'Oh God, if this is all I do, I'll never be able to live with myself.' It is easy to be independent when you've got money. But to be independent when you haven't got a thing, that's the Lord's test. Being ready isn't enough you have to be prepared for a promotion or any other significant change. If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance. I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life. We, some cast members and I, even went on a weekend trip together and spent the weekend at an inn, because we enjoy each other's company so much, and it was so cool. If anyone asks for your autograph they're showing you respect and give it back to them. A company is only as good as the people it keeps. Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age. I think jazz is a wonderful learning tool. If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit. The only peace is being out of earshot. In the early days of Christianity the exercise of chastity was frequently combined with a close and romantic intimacy of affection between the sexes which shocked austere moralists. Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide. Let a nation's fervent thanks make some amends for the toils and sufferings of those who survive. That means that every human being - without distinction of sex, age, race, skin color, language, religion, political view, or national or social origin - possesses an inalienable and untouchable dignity. Penn State is a leader in food science. Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. He's as cool as a prized marrow! I went nearly 30 years without being able to really seriously entertain marriage or a family. In fact, the word 'marriage' would actually give me a shake when it was brought up. When I was in junior high school, the teachers voted me the student most likely to end up in the electric chair. This is probably why, my life is easier, and my family is very happy, because we never lie each other. This is probably all people supposed to feel each other, so be always in all of the world they'll be peace. I tell students that even if they don't like math right now, they can use math as a brain-sharpening tool - a tool that not only builds the foundation for a great career, but that also builds self-confidence, no matter what they choose to do with their lives. The most dangerous food is wedding cake. When you come in to court as a plaintiff or as a defendant, it is terribly important that you look up at the bench and feel that that person represents you and will understand you, that that person is reflective of our community and of our society. The Christian use of religion as a personal love affair both shocked me, and attracted me. The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture. All that I know I learned after I was thirty. I will perform My Heart Will Go On for the rest of my life and it will always remain a very emotional experience for me. Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints. You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin. Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace. If you want to know about my politics, the only way to do that is to look at my work. When terrorists attacked the symbols of our national unity and strength, they failed to realize that they were just symbols of our strength. The real strength of our nation comes from our people - not our buildings. That which makes people dissatisfied with their condition, is the chimerical idea they form of the happiness of others. Afghanistan is going to be here a long time, and what's critical is that Afghanistan's relationship with its neighbors are, to the maximum extent they can be, constructive and operationally useful. Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up. Mayonnaise: One of the sauces which serve the French in place of a state religion. The precise point at which a tax deduction becomes a 'loophole' or a tax incentive becomes a 'subsidy for special interests' is one of the great mysteries of politics. We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience. Let them be reassured, it has never been one of our intentions to ban religion in society, but solely to protect the national education system from any conspicuous display of religious affiliation. If I were given a choice between two films and one was dark and explored depraved, troubled or sick aspects of our culture, I would always opt for that over the next romantic comedy. My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him. In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power. Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom. It's difficult to get started-when it comes to dealing with an unknown quantity, people are reluctant to trust their own opinion. It helps if two or three people give you a boost. If all Church power vests in the clergy, then the people are practically bound to passive obedience in all matters of faith and practice for all right of private judgment is then denied. To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and they who edit and read it are old women over their tea. I had lost relationships with my dad, my brother and sister and I was just like, you know what, this is definitely the time to just get it together and so that's what I did. I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds. The joke in our family is that we can cry reading the phone book. You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. Well, because I have twin seven-year-old boys, I enjoy the gift giving stuff a great deal. We do both Hanukkah and Christmas, so it is a costly, though extremely pleasing proposition. I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I don't hang with the cool crowd. I have three daughters, so I can't be as tough as I want to be. When you have kids - especially daughters - they know how to work you. They're a lot smarter than we are, that's for sure. But I'll be more tough on their boyfriends. God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God. I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio. Do parents sit down and tell their kids everything? I don't know. I don't know. I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth. Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself. The product of the artist has become less important than the fact of the artist. We wish to absorb this person. We wish to devour someone who has experienced the tragic. In our society this person is much more important than anything he might create. Steven Tyler is awesome. He is so humble. He's really sweet and coming from him and his career, it's amazing. There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance. In true education, anything that comes to our hand is as good as a book: the prank of a page- boy, the blunder of a servant, a bit of table talk - they are all part of the curriculum. I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day. Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have. Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone. I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty. We've had Town Hall meetings, we've witnessed election after election, in which the American people have taken a position on the President's health care bill. And the bottom line is the people don't like this bill. They don't want it. One great object of the Constitution was to restrain majorities from oppressing minorities or encroaching upon their just rights. Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter. I bought a selection of short, romantic fiction novels, studied them, decided that I had found a formula and then wrote a book that I figured was the perfect story. Thank goodness it was rejected. All respect for the office of the presidency aside, I assumed that the obvious and unadulterated decline of freedom and constitutional sovereignty, not to mention the efforts to curb the power of judicial review, spoke for itself. Study men, not historians. There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth. I just got tired of being sick and tired and feeling down. Unfortunately, you don't realize this until you're getting sober but the reason why you're depressed all the time is it's the drugs that are depressing you. Even in the beginning, when we knew there was a legal argument about how much our song sounds like his song, as one songwriter to another, I wasn't sure that Cat Stevens would take that as bad. The most important thing for a good marriage is to learn how to argue peaceably. What would be a show that I would rescue? If I could bring anything back, it would be 'The Carol Burnett Show'. Tim Conway is just... I just watched him so many times do stuff over and over. He's just so amazing. A fact must be assimilated with, or discriminated fromm, some other fact or facts, in order to be raised to the dignity of a truth, and made to convey the least knowledge to the mind. The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive power. On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home. I'd love to design bridal dresses. Pound's translation of Chinese poetry was maybe the most important thing I read. Eliot a little bit later. I never gave up on country music because I knew what I was doing was not that bad. When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous. I always say, I'm certain I changed 'Watchmen' less than the Coen brothers changed 'No Country for Old Men.' I'm certain of it. But you don't hear the Cormac McCarthy fans, like, up in arms about it. They should be. It's like an amazing Pulitzer Prize-winning book. Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home. But the deep desire for peace remained with the American people. Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature. My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me. I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner. I'm an actor I'm not a politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things. I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time. If Romney explains why where we are with Obama is unacceptable, why whither we are tending is even worse - and why his own alternative path forward is superior - then we trust the American people to make the right choice in November. I don't think you need religion. Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war. Those things that nature denied to human sight, she revealed to the eyes of the soul. Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends. There is still a lot of misinformation being spread about higher education funding arrangements under the new Act. The students page on my website sets out the main points in the Act. Like any good tree that one would hope to grow, we must set our roots deep into the ground so that what is real will prosper in the Light of Love. Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying? I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy. I always want to have a personal relationship with everybody that works for me. There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut. Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see. Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast. We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country. Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke. I've got my eye on a few things to spend my money on. I've got my own bank card but I am really good with money. I don't spend too much at all. A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the first place. Immigration is not the top issue for Latinos. Latinos are like every other American - economy, jobs, healthcare, education. This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended. Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both. Sometimes a character is really based on research that you do. Other times it's just based on your imagination or perhaps your conversation with the director. Or sometimes all of the above. It depends on the movie and character. The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money. And I think that being able to make people laugh and write a book that's funny makes the information go down a lot easier and it makes it a lot more fun to read, easier to understand, and often stronger. So there's all kinds of advantages to it. There have been times when I felt suicidal and I would stop my head from going in that direction of negativity because I thought there'd be something I'd miss that was funny in the future. If there's a chance I'm going to laugh tomorrow then want to live to experience that. If the views I have expressed be right, we can think of our civilization evolving with the growth of knowledge from small wandering tribes to large settled law. But when I lose my temper, I find it difficult to forgive myself. I feel I've failed. I can be calm in a crisis, in the face of death or things that hurt badly. I don't get hysterical, which may be masochistic of me. It is virtually impossible to compete in today's global economy without a college degree. I don't miss politics. As someone who worked hard for a Labour victory in the 90s, do I regret it? Not really. It was bound to happen. And it'll happen with the next government, and the one after it. Because all governments serve us. They serve the filth. When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. Translation is an interestingly different way to be involved both with poetry and with the language that I've found myself living in much of the time. I think the two feed each other. I sent American troops to Iraq to make its people free, not to make them American. Iraqis will write their own history and find their own way. By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities. I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did. At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to. I knew, however, that the next morning after the fight I would have to get away, and I did just in time, for a full company came early to look for me and were furious because I had escaped them. James Franco has this interesting and relaxed look. It's pretty 'I don't care,' but it still looks good. Ryan Gosling also has amazing style. I take a lot of my fashion tips from those two. In my opinion, they're the ones getting it right. There's a rule of thumb in politics. If you're at a point where you're complaining about the other guy being mean and unfair and uncivil, that's probably a sign that you're losing. We don't appreciate what we have until it's gone. Freedom is like that. It's like air. When you have it, you don't notice it. I love theatrics and have a huge imagination: Why would I want to sit onstage and sing a bunch of ballads back-to-back? In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. I am at home in many cultures. I live actively in three continents and I've done that for most of my life, so I just make films as I see the world, and that happens to speak to people. I do things that I want to do. I'm interested not just in projects that I'll be starring in, but producing film and TV that's really quality and great for adults and when I say 'great for adults,' it doesn't mean without humor, because I'm also interested in doing comedy. I lost some of my friends because I got so famous, people who just assumed that I would be different now. I felt like everyone hated me. That is the most unhappy time of my life. The state's interest in marriage is stability. Generally speaking, polygamy does not work for stability. Inherent in the whole polygamous movement is a deep and abiding misogyny and denigration of women. So polygamy is objectionable on lots of grounds. A good lawyer is a bad Christian. We can't gather the intelligence we need to foil future attacks, if we are blindly granting terrorists the right to remain silent. But for some reason, we've already done that - with the terrorist who tried to bring down Flight 253. To see your friend's dreams come true, there's really nothing that can make you happier. Homesickness is nothing. Fifty percent of the people in the world are homesick all the time. I'm still learning, you know. At 80, I feel there is a lot I don't know. True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing. Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction. Things are coming to a pretty pass when religion is allowed to invade private life. I was informed yesterday that there's a Twitter account for my laugh. Very hard to get used to things like that. Pretty amazing. Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure. When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work. Over the years with movies, I've given directors notes. Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read. I'm a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character. So when I go home, sometimes, even when I had an amazing game, I always think about what I missed. I feel that directors at times are like the janitors on the set. I am the secretary, I am the organizer, I am the maid, and I ask if they have eaten or rested. The best things are always out of your control. It's those moments that surpass the imagination that are thrilling. An Independent is someone who wants to take the politics out of politics. The biggest mistake is believing there is one right way to listen, to talk, to have a conversation - or a relationship. To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody. Writing is hard work and bad for the health. The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom. The law was made for one thing alone, for the exploitation of those who don't understand it, or are prevented by naked misery from obeying it. The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. I was a brownie for a day. My mom made me stop. She didn't want me to conform. I never enjoyed working in a film. In the main it will be found that a power over a man's support (salary) is a power over his will. Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere... You don't have to dress up, for instance, and you can't hear them boo you right away. Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers. I like to think the movies that I've picked have something worthwhile to say. Something relevant. When I was little, my mom tells me, I used to say things like, 'Mom do you hear the string section? Do you hear the string section?' And she would look at me and say, 'No honey, I don't know what you're talking about.' I have seen doctors, in good faith, leave patients on steroids for years, thinking they are doing right. A friend of mine was on steroids for so long, she has severe osteoporosis. I just read an 800-page history of the Scottish Enlightenment and, honestly, I may as well just start it again now, because I cannot remember a single thing. I can barely remember where Scotland is. Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks. Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned. 'Nil By Mouth' was a bit autobiographical, but as I always pointed out at the time, that's not my dad. In every religion there is an element of the supernatural, varying with the influence of pure reason over its devotees. This is not a zero-sum game. We know that if we provide access and education, particularly where there are gaps in the market, we will create more jobs, we will create more growth, and we will create more activity in the U.S. market, which will be good for our economy. Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark. People are afraid, and when people are afraid, when their pie is shrinking, they look for somebody to hate. They look for somebody to blame. And a real leader speaks to anxiety and to fear and allays those fears, assuages anxiety. While most Americans have access to the best oral health care in the world, low-income children suffer disproportionately from oral disease. I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them. Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror. So much research has been done showing that the woman is the most vulnerable but also the biggest strength leading to economic progress. I liked the energy of cooking, the action, the camaraderie. I often compare the kitchen to sports and compare the chef to a coach. There are a lot of similarities to it. I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem. Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country. The only safe ship in a storm is leadership. Poetry must be made by all and not by one. Do we believe that there is equal economic opportunity out there in the real world, right now, for each and every one of these groups? If we believed in the tooth fairy, if we believed in the Easter Bunny, we might well believe that. Behaving like a princess is work. It's not just about looking beautiful or wearing a crown. It's more about how you are inside. Instinct is intelligence incapable of self-consciousness. I believe firmly that in making ethical decisions, man has the prerogative of true freedom of choice. People assume that all artists make for terrible business people, but I'm in complete charge of my own career. Traditional matter must be glorified, since it would be easier to listen to the re-creation of familiar stories than to quite new and unexpected things the listeners, we must remember, needed poetry chiefly as the re-creation of tired hours. I don't think anybody cares about unwed mothers unless they're black or poor. The question is not morality, the question is money. That's what we're upset about. No one's played on the moon yet. No one's played in zero gravity. Some bands have played at the Pyramids of Giza, but we'd very much like to do that in the near future. The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you. I feel like everybody is against Floyd Mayweather. I don't get any respect. If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience. The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little. Money is like hormones. It's just how you feel on any given day. I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. That's where my heart lies. I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken. If you go back to the time of J.P. Morgan, the world of high finance was completely wholesale. The prestigious investment banks on Wall Street appealed exclusively to large corporations, governments, and to extremely wealthy individuals. My Christmas present to myself each year is to see how much air travel can open up the world and take me to places as far from sheltered California and Japan as possible. I think a young woman's relationship with her father is really important. One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes. As you look back at your life, there are just a million different things that have happened, just in the right way, to allow you to make your dreams come true. And you know, someone has all that under control. I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone. A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man. Thanks partly to the kind of poets that we now have and partly to funding, there's been a gigantic shift in the way poetry is perceived... Poems on the Underground, poets in schools, football clubs, zoos. How can a Man respect his Wife when he has a contemptible Opinion of her and her Sex? Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude. People always comment about my clothes. They don't think a fashionable woman can love food and be knowledgeable and actually cook. Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come. Life it is not just a series of calculations and a sum total of statistics, it's about experience, it's about participation, it is something more complex and more interesting than what is obvious. The best director is the one you don't see. The fear of death comes from limited awareness. When future archaeologists dig up the remains of California, they're going to find all of those gyms their scary-looking gym equipment, and they're going to assume that we were a culture obsessed with torture. The quality of your work, in the long run, is the deciding factor on how much your services are valued by the world. The very winds whispered in soothing accents, and maternal Nature bade me weep no more. Happiness is mental harmony unhappiness is mental inharmony. I don't trust Santa Barbara as far as I can spit. I am afraid that if I went back there, it's possible that I could be run through their system, their judicial system, and wind up in some county jail where I could be killed and I'm not gonna take that chance. Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power. The product of the artist has become less important than the fact of the artist. We wish to absorb this person. We wish to devour someone who has experienced the tragic. In our society this person is much more important than anything he might create. I enjoy my relationship with straight men. It's very nurturing. It's very validating to hang out with straight guys and be accepted. So many of us, we were not accepted when we were younger by straight persons in high school. We've done it in intelligence sharing and certain elements of security. There were parts of the department, in fact, that worked very well in Katrina, like the Coast Guard and TSA. Vertigo is the conflict between the fear of falling and the desire to fall. Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often. It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit. The Diet was dissolved by a Reich Government decree. My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers. By exploring the political and moral colorings of discoveries about what makes us tick, we can have a more honest science and a less fearful intellectual milieu. I just sing the stuff that makes me smile, makes me feel like I didn't sell myself out. I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy. I had absolutely no idea how I had ballooned during my pregnancy. All I thought about was eating plenty of food to keep my baby healthy. And I came back and it was great, 'cuz George had set up all these flowers all over the studio saying welcome home. So then we got it together again. I always felt it was better on the White one for me. We were more like a band, you know. Because no matter what you say in life, the truth will always be the truth. You know when someone is telling the truth, you look in the eyes. I have a tendency to believe people. My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away. One must learn, if one is to see the beauty in Japan, to like an extraordinarily restrained and delicate loveliness. In my view, relationship movies never get old because humanity will never not be confounded by their relationships. As a dad I'm emotionally dedicated but I'm not 'figuring out their life plans'. But of course as I'm telling them about the rights of wrongs I'm thinking back to what I was like at their age. Where I came from, sports were the only way to get out front. To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making. The business manager was doing fine back in his office while they were out on the line, hungry. And, so they started to see a lot of that and there was, that maybe the leadership had its own cause. More so than the miners, you know, it was like a power struggle. Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic. Almost everything that is great has been done by youth. I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death. I don't want to have a relationship with someone if I'm not going to work with them. I just want to do cool stuff. There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education. Some men never feel small, but these are the few men who are. So why am I facing a recall election? Simple: the big government union bosses from Washington want their money. They don't like the fact that I did something fundamentally pro-worker something that's truly about freedom. It's amazing how coke encompasses everything in your life. Addicts cannot confront life because they only think of their next hit. I ruined life for my parents, my sister and all my friends. What I worry about would be that you essentially have two chambers, the House and the Senate, but you have simply, majoritarian, absolute power on either side. And that's just not what the founders intended. It is characteristic of science that the full explanations are often seized in their essence by the percipient scientist long in advance of any possible proof. Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses. The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. I think I've learned that if you want to be successful, you have to tell your story honestly and from your heart - and I think a healthy sense of humor doesn't hurt either. In those days, it didn't take much imagination to come up with something that required great lyric development skills. You just thought of an experience that you might have gone through, and write it down. I am not an anti to anything which will bring freedom to my class. Chicken fat, beef fat, fish fat, fried foods - these are the foods that fuel our fat genes by giving them raw materials for building body fat. I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family. Time is my greatest enemy. Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders? Trying to describe something musical is like dancing to architecture, it's really difficult. There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future. I get really cool gifts, and I know this sounds really lame, but I think one of the best gifts I've ever received was the Easy Bake Oven when I was younger. When I was little, I loved to bake! I want to get one now so I can make weird mini desserts for people. I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No. Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them. Few companies that installed computers to reduce the employment of clerks have realized their expectations... They now need more, and more expensive clerks even though they call them 'operators' or 'programmers.' There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly. The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference. I wrote things for the school's newspaper, and - like all teenagers - I dabbled in poetry. I come from divorce. I'm only doing marriage once. It's not a game for me. The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms and to confide in one's self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course. I auditioned for a solo in church and got it. I was about seven and I sang a song called, 'Jesus, I Heard You Had a Big House' and I remember people standing up at the end and me thinking, 'Oh, I think I'm going to like this.' That's how it all began. Sounds funny to say you got your start in church, but I did. Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age. Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it. It doesn't do good to open doors for someone who doesn't have the price to get in. If he has the price, he may not need the laws. There is no law saying the Negro has to live in Harlem or Watts. I would like to prove that on TV, everyday lives can be as compelling as the life-styles of the rich and famous. Especially lives that we catch at extraordinary moments. Marriage may be the closest thing to Heaven or Hell any of us will know on this earth. I worked for this company that repossessed cars. Sure enough, the day after I quit, they repossessed my car, but that would probably be my strangest job to date. You have to work your way up to become a hardcore repo man. The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. I was kind of an outcast in school 'cause I always kept to myself and was writing poetry and then going on tour with my brother band all the time, so kids didn't know what to make of me. It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr. Men who care passionately for women attach themselves at least as much to the temple and to the accessories of the cult as to their goddess herself. The NFL is such a large, multibillion dollar enterprise with fan loyalty because they have provided not only entertainment for sports fans, but memories, good memories, family memories to these fans, that can only bring about good will. I'm obsessed with zombies. I like watching zombie movies and I read zombie books. External nature is only internal nature writ large. In England, with all due respect, we have some of the plainest actresses in the entire world as our greatest. Libraries function as crucial technology hubs, not merely for free Web access, but those who need computer training and assistance. Library business centers help support entrepreneurship and retraining. A committee is organic rather than mechanical in its nature: it is not a structure but a plant. It takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts, and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom in their turn. Marriage made more sense when it was indissoluble. It's the woman trying to cope with the strains of a one-parent family who will suffer most from the relaxation of the divorce laws. We manage to bounce ideas off one another. Every band fights, but at the end of the day, we're very positive about the way we fight. At least we come out with a result. I have never lied about my relationship with Bill Clinton. The only proven liar, at this point, and the only admitted liar, is Bill Clinton not Gennifer Flowers, not Kathleen Willey, not Paula Jones and not Monica Lewinsky, at this point. He is the only proven liar. We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this. I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into. That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally. In Iroquois society, leaders are encouraged to remember seven generations in the past and consider seven generations in the future when making decisions that affect the people. I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings. It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont. The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isn't high tech or can't make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you can't go to market today. I'm not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick! The great object is that every man be armed. But, sooner or later I'd love to do a comedy. I mean I think that, you know, people don't think that that's in my wheelhouse because I've sort of played a lot of dramatic stuff and that's certainly a side of myself that I want at some point in the right context, in the right stuff, that I find really funny. Confidence doesn't come out of nowhere. It's a result of something... hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. I get very nervous whenever I think about it. I've never done a serious play, and I have such awe of the woman - she's really my only idol. It's going to be a big stretch - certain people come out on stage and your face muscles automatically tense and you get ready to smile. When we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free. Half of the secular unrest and dismal, profane sadness of modern society comes from the vain ideas that every man is bound to be a critic for life. Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn. Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught. There were times when I had great times with my brothers, pillow fights and things, but I was, used to always cry from loneliness. America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard. I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes. But you can't focus on things that matter if all you've been is asleep for forty years. Funny how sleep rhymes with sheep. You know. Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security. My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family. We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love. Look I eat really well and I work out, but I also indulge when I want to. I don't starve myself in an extremist way. You're not taking away my coffee or my dairy or my glass of wine because I'd be devastated. The trick at Le Mans is to get the car 'in the window.' Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - it's about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners. A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions. I never diet. I smoke. I drink now and then. I never work out. If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish. History offers no evidence for the proposition that the assignment of women to military combat jobs is the way to win wars, improve combat readiness, or promote national security. I wasn't one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really. I was the official wedding photographer at one of my best friends' weddings. Fortunately she was one of the most easygoing brides ever, so she made it easy for me. I managed Hewlett Packard through the worst technology downturn in 25 years, the dotcom bust. If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit. If you do a trick and it doesn't work out, that can stick with you. I like to go back, nail the trick, and, 'OK, I'm cool, it's all good.' I know of nothing more despicable and pathetic than a man who devotes all the hours of the waking day to the making of money for money's sake. It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get. Big dreams create the magic that stir men's souls to greatness. Keep cool my babies. The good opinion of mankind, like the lever of Archimedes, with the given fulcrum, moves the world. I'm a mum, so my wardrobe consists of sweaters and jeans. As long as I don't leave the house forgetting my jeans, I count that as a fashion success. America is a country ready to be taken, in fact, longing to be taken by political leaders ready to restore democracy and trust to the political process. With what all these people are saying, do you think that anybody wants to be around me? They all think that I did this on purpose? That I knew that I was positive, for so many years? I feel now that I'm going to be attacked if anybody sees me or if I go to the office. School districts in the US don't adopt technology very quickly. No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen. I open with a clock striking, to beget an awful attention in the audience - it also marks the time, which is four o clock in the morning, and saves a description of the rising sun, and a great deal about gilding the eastern hemisphere. Without true medical liability reform, our doctors will continue to leave, and young doctors coming out of medical school $100,000 to $200,000 in debt will not be able to afford such onerous costs. Every once in a while, you live long enough to get the respect that people didn't want to give while you were trying to become a senior citizen. The history of our country is cruel. We have to face those issues or, should I say, we had to. Not anymore I hope, because we are going in the right direction, and we are ready to forgive, ready to move on. I'm not angry, I'm not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that I'm more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well. It's lovely to have money to give away - that's the bonus of winning the Nobel. When I was leaving I kind of felt a little bit sad, because I made some friends down in skid row. From the minute I wake up until I go to bed I think about food. It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man. If the human condition were the periodic table, maybe love would be hydrogen at No. 1. Death would be helium at No. 2. Power, I reckon, would be where oxygen is. Poetry operates by hints and dark suggestions. It is full of secrets and hidden formulae, like a witch's brew. Ever since we were little, we were so on fire for our dreams. We never let anyone blow our flames out. The home should be the treasure chest of living. Right now I'm not involved with anybody, but I hope by 75 I will be again. I was so embarrassed about mispronouncing words. I just knew how to smile. True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. I'm a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind. Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance? Hope is the belief we might get it done, and faith is the knowledge we will get it done. All is amiss. Love is dying, faith's defying, heart's denying. Team GB's success at the Beijing Olympics can, in part, be said to have been made in Manchester. For example, all the cycling medal winners trained at Manchester's velodrome, the National Cycling Centre. I avoid the media circus, keep my head down and try to keep growing and learning things. Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials. Ah, lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting. I think about my work every minute of the day. Clinton is a big personality who has led a big life, and for some of the media conventional wisdom to boil it down to a view that 'all people are really interested in' are a few moments of madness in the Oval Office gets him, the importance of the presidency, and the significance of his life, all wrong. Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things. True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. Most of my actor friends don't believe it's possible to let go of it and be happy, and for a while that was true for me. For the first two years I ached, every day. And I had such bad dreams. But then I made the decision to start working on my little shop and all that went away. To be associated with success is absolutely wonderful. The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding. The media thinks that you have to make science sexy and concentrate on themes such as rivalry and the human issues. Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change. Kurt and I weren't the closest of friends, but I knew him well enough to be devastated by his death. For such a quiet person, he was so excited about having a child. And when I look at my mother, I reflect on her strength and endurance. She's cranky sometimes, but she is lovable and loving. I'd be happy to be there at 86. Failure? Scared to death of it. You can't write about the past and ignore religion. It was such a fundamental, mind-shaping, driving force for pre-modern societies. I'm very interested in what religion does to us - its capacity to create love and empathy or hatred and violence. I don't pretend to understand the Universe - it's a great deal bigger than I am. If God has made the world a perfect mechanism, He has at least conceded so much to our imperfect intellect that in order to predict little parts of it, we need not solve innumerable differential equations, but can use dice with fair success. The man who cannot believe in himself cannot believe in anything else. The basis of all integrity and character is whatever faith we have in our own integrity. Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. It's pretty amazing being me. I think every time I go in a game, I have added something positive. I have gotten a rebound or made a defensive play. That is what I try to focus on. Right now, if you're interested in being a dramatic actor, they're not making that many just regular dramas. Movies have to have some other thing going on. Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. I grew up in a very toxic home. We've switched from a culture that was interested in manufacturing, economics, politics - trying to play a serious part in the world - to a culture that's really entertainment-based. A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures. Humans may or may not have cosmic significance, and if they do, it will be by hitching a ride on the objective centrality of knowledge in the cosmic scheme of things. You can have great sequences with music, but if you don't have the acting you're bored after 15 minutes. Or not bored, but you're like, 'So what?' Comedy is so subjective. You could be in a room with 400 people laughing at a joke and you could just not think it's funny. You're just sitting there like, 'Am I in the twilight zone? Why is everyone laughing?' It's such a personal thing. People have such a personal visceral response to comedy. My biggest challenge is trust, and really believing that trust, in letting things just happen personally and professionally and trust with myself. But I'm getting better at it. I want to put a ding in the universe. So there's nothing more provocative than taking a genre that everybody who's cool hates - and then making it cool. The world is not going into concentric blocs of power. It is actually going into a diffusion of power with more centres of decision-making than ever in human civilisation. That requires you to place yourself in far more hubs of power than ever before. I went to Massachusetts to make a difference. I didn't go there to begin a political career running time and time again. I made a difference. I put in place the things I wanted to do. I have nothing against respecting people who lived before, but we have no responsibility toward them. I think a lot of people do big movies not because they are talented artists but because they can function in the circumstances. Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster. If the world were a bar, America would currently be the angry drunk waving around a loaded gun. Yeah, the other people in the bar may be afraid of him, but they sure as hell don't respect him. The doubt of an earnest, thoughtful, patient and laborious mind is worthy of respect. In such doubt may be found indeed more faith than in half the creeds. Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was one's own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen. China has legally purchased high performance computers, advanced machine tools, and semiconductor-manufacturing equipment from several American companies. It's hard now to imagine that kind of travel and the daily tasks they simply took for granted. If a wagon axle broke, you had to stop and carve a new one. To cross a river, you sometimes had to build a raft. The thing with film and theater is that you always know the story so you can play certain cues in each scene with the knowledge that you know where the story's going to end and how it's going to go. But on television nobody knows what's going to happen, even the writers. Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do. Wherever there is interest and power to do wrong, wrong will generally be done. If I want to understand the laws of physics I have to first believe what I read about physics. I have to have faith in what I read. A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience. If somebody has a chance to put my food in their mouth, that tells the story. I think the sport of wrestling, which I became involved with at the age of 14... I competed until I was 34, kind of old for a contact sport. I coached the sport until I was 47. I think the discipline of wrestling has given me the discipline I have to write. I'll tell you, in my life I've never once have seen a Hispanic panhandler, because in our community, it would be viewed as shameful to be out on the street begging. Those are all conservative values - faith, family, hard work, responsibility. I like being independent. I don't think that marriage means you're not independent, but right now I'm very comfortable, and I'm probably the happiest I've ever been. I feel solid. I feel safe. God hates violence. He has ordained that all men fairly possess their property, not seize it. The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven. Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen. A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime. I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education. I cannot consistently, with self respect, do other than I have, namely, to deliberately violate an act which seems to me to be a denial of everything which ideally and in practice I hold sacred. Democrats believe that the federal government is not our enemy, it's our partner. Mom ran the house, so we grew up Portuguese. All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think. The trouble is that men very often resort to all sorts of devices in order not to think, because thinking is such hard work. We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions! I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will. Kids go to school and college and get through, but they don't seem to really care about using their minds. School doesn't have the kind of long term positive impact that it should. Every actor dreams of getting a big break, a big opportunity. Farming with live animals is a 7 day a week, legal form of slavery. The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken. Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat. I am not a morning person. I have discovered in 20 years of moving around a ballpark, that the knowledge of the game is usually in inverse proportion to the price of the seats. This book is about physics and its about physics and its relationship with mathematics and how they seem to be intimately related and to what extent can you explore this relationship and trust it. I lived in a town of 400 until I was like nine or ten. My dad coached all the sports - he was a gym teacher and health teacher for grades K-12. Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered. You have to see a building to comprehend it. Photographs cannot convey the experience, nor film. We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance. I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy. Look out into the universe and contemplate the glory of God. Observe the stars, millions of them, twinkling in the night sky, all with a message of unity, part of the very nature of God. How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children. Life moves fast. As much as you can learn from your history, you have to move forward. I want to express myself to feel that what I feel is real. My joy, my pain, my anger. Because of my own family's service (in the U.S. Army, Navy, and Massachusetts and New York National Guard), I am a strong supporter of the military and do believe that there are just wars. And in a world without heroes, as the movie trailer voice-over guy might say, the slightly awkward can be slightly cool. Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree. Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge. I do have a political agenda. It's to have as few regulations as possible. For centuries we have been living in the society where not laws but people ruled, where there was no legal state. Words are not as satisfactory as we should like them to be, but, like our neighbours, we have got to live with them and must make the best and not the worst of them. The wonderful Mozambican people have endured tremendous misery without losing their dignity and their positive outlook on life. Moreover, they have not lost their will to progress and develop. Mozambique is a country where the people never surrendered. As an elder of the Americas and of the rest of the planet, it is my responsibility to care for and protect, to the best of my ability, the young. Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful. As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time. A change in bad habits leads to a change in life. Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective. But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool. Men are what their mothers made them. Black men don't like to be called 'boys,' but women accept being called 'girls.' I spend so much time on the screen when I am writing, the last thing you want to do is spend more time on the Internet looking at a screen. That's what I hate about all this technology. Confidence and superiority: It's the usual fundamentalist stuff: I've got the truth, and you haven't. The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses. Draco's not really a bully. He's not exactly the biggest, strongest guy in the world. He's more a rich, snobby person. He thinks of himself as really cool. The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it. It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, Can never know what true friendship means. The arts are weapons of understanding and weapons of happiness. Some people swear by writing courses, but whether it really helps American poetry, I have doubts. A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past. Getting sober just exploded my life. Now I have a much clearer sense of myself and what I can and can't do. I am more successful than I have ever been. I feel very positive where I never did before, and I think that's all a direct result of getting sober. We live in a world where amnesia is the most wished-for state. When did history become a bad word? I actually think with age comes some level of wisdom. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated. Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself. Fruitful discourse in science or theology requires us to believe that within the contexts of normal discourse there are some true statements. I don't think I'm funny. As for the promotion of peace congresses we have had our meetings and assemblies, but the promotion through them of the determined and effective will to peace displaying itself in action and policy remains to be achieved. I don't call myself a Buddhist. I'm a free spirit. I believe I'm here on earth to admire and enjoy it that's my religion. What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy? Poetry is the art which is technically within the grasp of everyone: a piece of paper and a pencil and one is ready. I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care. My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else. You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid. All mankind is now learning that these nuclear weapons can only serve to destroy, never become beneficial. I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge. There's no reason to bring religion into it. I think we ought to have as great a regard for religion as we can, so as to keep it out of as many things as possible. In 1981, at age 31, I was voted the best player in basketball, and the most valuable player in the league. Kids are a great analogy. You want your kids to grow up, and you don't want your kids to grow up. You want your kids to become independent of you, but it's also a parent's worst nightmare: That they won't need you. It's like the real tragedy of parenting. I remember we woke up one morning at Denny's house and John Phillips called. He said, you guys okay? We said, yeah, what's wrong, what's going on? He said, well, everybody's dead over at Sharon's house at Terry Melcher's place. Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination. We can reach our potential, but to do so, we must reach within ourselves. We must summon the strength, the will, and the faith to move forward - to be bold - to invest in our future. The weaker the country, the stronger the smile. I don't do marriage. I think it's incredibly naff. And I don't like vulgar displays of ostentation. I had just turned 10-years-old when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and plunged America into World War II. Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it. If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him. I'm not precisely saying that a really good board meeting at the MLA (Museums, Libraries and Archives Coucil) makes me want to go and write poetry, but there is a pleasure in doing that sort of thing well. Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery. I became active in politics because I saw the possibility, if we all sat back and did nothing, of a world in which there would no longer be any stages for actors to act on. I used to have a silk dressing gown an uncle bought in Japan and when I came downstairs in it, my dad used to call me Davinia. There was never embarrassment about that kind of thing. My sister used to dress me up a lot. She thought I was a little doll. The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live. I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people. It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else. If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too yes, I see what you mean but, really, it's jewels that change an outfit. All my movies, like Revenge, are under two hours. It's just that fun atmosphere, working on the car, being with the guys. This is exactly what I needed. When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth. No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude. Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death. If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too. Does anybody really think that they didn't get what they had because they didn't have the talent or the strength or the endurance or the commitment? We cannot make events. Our business is wisely to improve them. Superman was never previewed because the producers didn't trust Warners with the film. God is looking for people to use, and if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: 'Use me.' You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear. I was certain I was going to do something in sports. I've had a very laughable career and what has seen me through is my sense of humor. You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents. People didn't wasn't the People's party to come in to power again, so they saw NS a viable alternative not us, because everyone knew we were not ready. I don't ever really feel that wearing my wedding ring is what determines me being married or not. When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself! My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be. France is not poetic she even feels, in fact, a congenital horror of poetry. Among the writers who use verse, those whom she will always prefer are the most prosaic. We cannot escape that Hollywood is in the middle of a wave of technological change. The current angst over all the implications of new entertainment technology is nothing new. There is just one life for each of us: our own. Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste. The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it. There is little success where there is little laughter. Maybe I was just lucky, but I had the best pregnancy, and I loved giving birth. It was just the most amazing thing, so surreal but so real. I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem. My kids will grow up in a house knowing that it's perfectly normal for two men to be in love, it's perfectly normal for two women to be in love. My kids will grow up knowing it's all about love. It doesn't matter who you're with and everyone should have that experience. Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared. He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it. There are pockets of great food in Spain, but there are also pockets of very mediocre food in Spain, and the same in Morocco and the same in Croatia and the same in Germany and the same in Austria. My dad passed away before my freshman year, and it altered how I thought. I was depressed - I didn't hang out with my friends. I worked through it by dancing. Since the printing press came into being, poetry has ceased to be the delight of the whole community of man it has become the amusement and delight of the few. Plunderous is the palate I gift to you, openly I hug the universe of our friendship expanding its outer limit. I'm a religious person. I remember my mom told me: 'Vengeance belongs to God. It's up to him to wreak vengeance.' It's hard for me to get to that point, but that's the work of God. It is a clear truth that those who every day barter away other men's liberty will soon care little for their own. Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic. Time makes friendship stronger, but love weaker. George has only got to ring me. His imagination is so wonderful, I'd do any character he might create. Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease. You can't control the paparazzi. But if you go to Coachella you're going to get photographed. Whereas if you're at home, walking down the street you probably won't. It's something I've learnt to navigate my way around but I try to keep my private life private. The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo. If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first. All of the biggest technological inventions created by man - the airplane, the automobile, the computer - says little about his intelligence, but speaks volumes about his laziness. It is not by the gray of the hair that one knows the age of the heart. All the learnin' my father paid for was a bit o' birch at one end and an alphabet at the other. Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, 'I'm an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better!' So here we stand. Americans have a choice. I don't necessarily believe in organized religion. Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles. I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie, which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was. Romance should never begin with sentiment. It should begin with science and end with a settlement. Writing a novel is one of those modern rites of passage, I think, that lead us from an innocent world of contentment, drunkenness, and good humor, to a state of chronic edginess and the perpetual scanning of bank statements. Virtue is a state of war, and to live in it we have always to combat with ourselves. The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much. I am so grateful to everybody that supports the Sheckler Foundation, and gives us the ability to continue to help kids and injured action sports athletes. I hadn't been in Vegas 20 minutes when I got word that the bookmakers were offering three to one that Frank wouldn't show for my wedding. I don't work at being ordinary. In order that all men may be taught to speak the truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it. If we had pursued what President Nixon declared in 1970 as the war on cancer, we would have cured many strains. I think Jack Kemp would be alive today. And that research has saved or prolonged many lives, including mine. Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. There's a wealth of literature out there which, hopefully, will be, you know, exploded in the future, and I personally find it very rewarding to be involved with classic storytelling, and sort of legendary characters. Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. Power is not something that can be assumed or discarded at will like underwear. That's not to say that women's priorities are better than men's. Rather, when women are empowered, when they can speak from the experience of their own lives, they often address different, previously neglected issues. And families and whole communities benefit. In the history of the treatment of depression, there was the dunking stool, purging of the bowels of black bile, hoses, attempts to shock the patient. All of these represent hatred or aggression towards what depression represents in the patient. The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldn't want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger. We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood. Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. Justifying faith is not a naked assent to the truths of the gospel. Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list. If you asked me for my New Year Resolution, it would be to find out who I am. I hate it when people call me a teen queen. If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. And this is one way to do technology forecasting get a sense of where technology is, and then anticipate the next upturn. Whenever I have bid a hasty goodbye to a loved one, I've always made sure that my record collection was safely stored away in the boot of the car. America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech. Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do. Neutrality is a negative word. It does not express what America ought to feel. We are not trying to keep out of trouble we are trying to preserve the foundations on which peace may be rebuilt. And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way. Social networking technology didn't really exist until 2004-2005. I had the idea to use this technology to bridge this gap between a general interest in addressing social issues and the practical action. Cinema is still a very young art form with extraordinary techniques and very impressive special effects but sometimes it seems the soul has been taken out of things. Let's say a Soviet exchange student back in the '70s would go back and tell the KGB about people and places and things that he'd seen and done and been involved with. This is not really espionage there's no betrayal of trust. Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom. My dad has a really great record collection that basically went up to the year I was born: 1984. For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction. What I don't like are pompous, pretentious movies. In looking for humor, keep in mind this guideline: Sometimes it takes a little time to see the humor in your upsets you may not find something to laugh about immediately. Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully. Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God. When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music. Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. We live in a media world simultaneously obsessed with technology and personality. God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December. Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life. If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair. Success without honor is an unseasoned dish it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. Just put down 9/11... I think, on most things I'm liberal, except on defending ourselves and keeping half the money. Those things I'm kind of conservative on. My first outdoor cooking memories are full of erratic British summers, Dad swearing at a barbecue that he couldn't put together, and eventually eating charred sausages, feeling brilliant. Nature is not human hearted. If you have men who will only come if they know there is a good road, I don't want them. I want men who will come if there is no road at all. Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press. Jealousy is all the fun you think they had. There are a lot of famous comedians from Liverpool, then obviously the Beatles, and the football club. That's what people in Liverpool are passionate about. Happiness isn't happiness unless there's a violin-playing goat. Putting is like wisdom - partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience. Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms. Through leadership of the fight against French colonialism, Ho Chi Minh had made a name for himself in the international political arena. Well physically preparing for the role, definitely and then continuing to stay physically fit throughout filming, getting up, 4.00 4.30 in the morning. A man's primary fantasy is access to a variety of attractive women without the fear of rejection. For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them. If you look at any Muslim society and you make a scale of how developed they are, and how successful the economy is, it's a straight line. It depends on how much they emancipate their women. If you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common. It's a tough thing, to know what to do about a war that deep in your gut you feel is wrong and yet watch your peers going off to fight in that war. I don't have famous neighbours and if I did, I'd avoid them. I don't live the jet-set. Crime shapes how we think about the world it shapes social decisions that we make it shapes our base of knowledge. But we don't talk about it intelligently. I just want to be a part of great stories, whether I'm part of an amazing ensemble cast or I'm leading it or the antagonist or whatever. One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure. The law of nations is naturally founded on this principle, that different nations ought in time of peace to do one another all the good they can, and in time of war as little injury as possible, without prejudicing their real interests. And your very flesh shall be a great poem. Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. Doubt, indulged and cherished, is in danger of becoming denial but if honest, and bent on thorough investigation, it may soon lead to full establishment of the truth. No matter what business you're in, you can't run in place or someone will pass you by. It doesn't matter how many games you've won. Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder. I had this child, and it destroyed my family. I believe only in art and failure. I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change. Many things have been said about what happened, but I don't know either. Maybe someday. One thing I'm sure of is that all the things that have happened to me, good and bad, happy and sad, have made me what I am today. Cats are connoisseurs of comfort. Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. Love is that splendid triggering of human vitality the supreme activity which nature affords anyone for going out of himself toward someone else. I'm really exciting. I smile a lot, I win a lot, and I'm really sexy. I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at. You see, I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America. Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it. O reason, reason, abstract phantom of the waking state, I had already expelled you from my dreams, now I have reached a point where those dreams are about to become fused with apparent realities: now there is only room here for myself. There's nothing so aphrodisiacal for a woman as money and success. You may drive out nature with a pitchfork, yet she'll be constantly running back. Painting will have to deal more fully and less obliquely with life and nature's phenomena before it can again become great. I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips. I mean, certainly writing, painting, photography, dance, architecture, there is an aspect of almost every art form that is useful and that merges into film in some way. There we times when everybody in the house has the flu. You're cleaning up vomit and it's 2 in the morning, and you're wishing there was somebody else there to help you. I've grown a lot, and I'm learning every week. If you don't have public hangings for bad culture in a company, if you don't take people out and let them say, they went home to spend more time with the family. It's crazy. Of all the enemies of public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. I design my shots. I walk the rehearsal as the camera and say 'this is where I want to be... I want this look. Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. Every color I can think of and nationality, we were all touched by Dr. King because he made us like each other and respect each other. No amount of study or learning will make a man a leader unless he has the natural qualities of one. For a while I couldn't leave the house by myself. Even if I was just grocery shopping alone, I'd get self-conscious. I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me. Try to make at least one person happy every day. If you cannot do a kind deed, speak a kind word. If you cannot speak a kind word, think a kind thought. Count up, if you can, the treasure of happiness that you would dispense in a week, in a year, in a lifetime! Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. I think violence, cynicism, brutality and fashion are the staples of our diet. I think in the grand history of story-telling, going back to people sitting around fires, the dark side of human nature has always been very important. Movies are part of that tradition. I place no hope in my strength, nor in my works: but all my confidence is in God my protector, who never abandons those who have put all their hope and thought in him. There's always something to suggest that you'll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving. I'm not hip, I'm not cool, I'm not glib. My sense of personal strength has always come from my family. In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary. Some people have such a talent for making the best of a bad situation that they go around creating bad situations so they can make the best of them. I have to trust what I do and then do it. The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive power. But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings. Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away. Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged. Teachers have the hardest and most important jobs in America. They're building our nation. And we should appreciate them, respect them, and pay them well. Yes. I did more research than I ever wanted to and saw some things I wish I didn't. I went on ride-alongs, spent time with Homicide, Cold Case, and SVU detectives, hung out in subways learning how to spot pervs and pick-pockets, viewed an autopsy, went to a police firing range, and witnessed court cases and I read, read, read. I will never use a substitute for butter. Margarine is one molecule away from eating plastic. If I'm going to eat that type of food, it's going to be the real deal. I never knew any Jews until I got into show business. I've found them to be real smart and good workers. Power has to be insecure to be responsive. Television is like the invention of indoor plumbing. It didn't change people's habits. It just kept them inside the house. As a physician and as a pilot, I think it lets me be a pretty good translator having one foot in the medical world and one foot in the flying world. Sometimes when the medical guys come in and speak medical stuff to the pilots, the pilots really don't know what they're saying. The doubt of an earnest, thoughtful, patient and laborious mind is worthy of respect. In such doubt may be found indeed more faith than in half the creeds. Colors are the smiles of nature. Understanding where your food comes from, trying to bolster local farmers and local economies and having a better connection to the food around you and the people around you, only good can come of that. I love to be involved with things like that. I remember being upset because I was finally legal to drink in Canada, and I decided to throw that all away and move to America, where I had to wait another two years. I came here to do improv and to try to join the Groundlings. I come back to the same thing: We've got the greatest pipeline in the company's history in the next 12 months, and we've had the most amazing financial results possible over the last five years, and we're predicting being back at double-digit revenue growth in fiscal year '06. I despair of ever writing excellent poetry. I cannot think of anything more difficult than to say something which would be worthy of this impressive and, for me, memorable occasion, and of the ideals and purposes which inspired the Nobel Peace Award. Where men of judgment creep and feel their way, The positive pronounce without dismay. I have quite a few different Bibles. Having rejected my parents' religion, I still think the King James Bible is the most important work of literature in English. None of us can help being influenced by it. I love to travel, but sometimes it's nice to stay in one place. Change your thoughts and you change your world. Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't willing to. Focus on your problem zones, your strength, your energy, your flexibility and all the rest. Maybe your chest is flabby or your hips or waist need toning. Also, you should change your program every thirty days. That's the key. My husband gave me a necklace. It's fake. I requested fake. Maybe I'm paranoid, but in this day and age, I don't want something around my neck that's worth more than my head. I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. It's amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if you're not near Central Park, there's nowhere to go, but there's a whole ecosystem happening down here. I definitely wish to distinguish American poetry from British or other English language poetry. A global democracy works only when countries trust one another. A very quiet and tasteful way to be famous is to have a famous relative. Then you can not only be nothing, you can do nothing too. In the next 10 years, I expect at least five billion people worldwide to own smartphones, giving every individual with such a phone instant access to the full power of the Internet, every moment of every day. Like every aspect of cancer I've weathered thus far, today's experience was not at all demoralizing, expensive or humiliating. No, it was just plain fun. What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives. When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs? If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that. All the evidence shows very clearly that if you are a member of a trade union you are likely to get better pay, more equal pay, better health and safety, more chance to get training, more chance to have conditions of work that help if you have caring responsibilities... the list goes on! Whatever you do, do it with all your might. Work at it, early and late, in season and out of season, not leaving a stone unturned, and never deferring for a single hour that which can be done just as well now. I really like being pregnant. Not that there aren't things I don't love, but when I think about what my body is doing - creating a child - it just blows my mind. I'm in awe of the process and science. In some ways England is more liberal than France, but I also find it more intrusive. But when you go abroad you have to accept the ways of where you live. I have to respect that. We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction. Baseball just a came as simple as a ball and bat. Yet, as complex as the American spirit it symbolizes. A sport, a business and sometimes almost even a religion. Do all you can to make your dreams come true. Popular opinions, on subjects not palpable to sense, are often true, but seldom or never the whole truth. Forgiveness is the final form of love. A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better. The advocates of abortion on demand falsely assume two things: that women must suffer if the lives of unborn children are legally protected and that women can only attain equality by having the legal option of destroying their innocent offspring in the womb. Originally created to serve the poorest and sickest among us, the Medicaid program has grown dramatically but still doesn't include the kind of flexibility that states need to provide better health care for the poor and disadvantaged. Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. The genre has moved into this commercial aspect of itself, and ignored this extraordinarily rich literature that's filed everywhere else except under travel. Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends. I came to parenting the way most of us do - knowing nothing and trying to learn everything. Mirth is the sweet wine of human life. It should be offered sparkling with zestful life unto God. I enjoy what I'm able to give my family. I don't want to force my politics on my readers. I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool. Stand-up is like a movie every night. You write it, direct it, produce it, the audience votes, and you go home. There's nothing more satisfying. It should be mandatory that you understand computer science. The primary distinction of the artist is that he must actively cultivate that state which most men, necessarily, must avoid the state of being alone. The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal? We use the word 'hope' perhaps more often than any other word in the vocabulary: 'I hope it's a nice day.' 'Hopefully, you're doing well.' 'So how are things going along? Pretty good. Going to be good tomorrow? Hope so.' It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations. I thought perhaps it should be recognized that religious people, including fundamentalists, are quite intelligent, many of them are highly educated, and they should be treated with complete respect. I believe that the people, instead of pretty lies, should be told the truth, no matter how ugly it may be. What can we do, destiny hasn't been kind to us but, with the help of God, we will prevail. I'm a big fan of vampire movies generally and that sort of tradition of characters. It is great to add some glamour to the food industry, like television shows have done for the food world and inspiring people to work in the industry. The flip side of that is unfortunately people think that after they get their qualifications, they get their invitation to compete on 'Top Chef.' I like Cinderella, I really do. She has a good work ethic. I appreciate a good, hard-working gal. And she likes shoes. The fairy tale is all about the shoe at the end, and I'm a big shoe girl. Once the fabric of a just society is undone, it takes generations to weave it back together. My greatest fear is that the audience will beat me to the punch line. Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career. To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all. Games, by nature, have more plot options and non-linear qualities than TV and film. I enjoy privacy. I think it's nice to have a little mystery. I think because of technology a lot of the mystery is gone in life, and I'd like to preserve some of that. Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. An organization's reason for being, like that of any organism, is to help the parts that are in relationship to each other, to be able to deal with change in the environment. I love Madrid. I am happy to be here. I have been here three years and hope to be here longer. But I am proud of where I come from and never forget the people I grew up with. Um, I have an enormous faith in God. I have an enormous support system that also has that same belief. You can't have any successes unless you can accept failure. One of the things that ultimately led me to leave mathematics and go into political science was thinking I could prevent nuclear war. Pray, and let God worry. To get a child's trust - you may know or not - is a very hard thing to do. They're so used to not believing adults - because adults tell tales and lies all the time. I have to say that anger is the blanket that comes around me, and that blunts and blurs my sense of proportion. We're not all equal, it's simply not true. That isn't science. To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity. In some ways I'm still recovering from the trial. My health is not as good as it ought to be. I've gone back to practicing law and it seems to have taken a toll for whatever reason. I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work. Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors. Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst. Humor has historically been tied to the mores of the day. The Yellow Kid was predicated on what people thought was funny about the immigrant Irish. When you're different in a society, you're funny. Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change. History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny? I think all women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols. That's what our purpose is in this business. You're merchandised, you're a product. You're sold and it's based on sex. But that's okay. I think women should be empowered by that, not degraded. The irony is, going to work every day became the subject of probably my best poetry. Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority. I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again. Do you remember when you found out you wouldn't live forever? People don't talk about this, but everybody had to go through it because you're not born with that knowledge. There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry. The fact my relationship with my son is so good makes me forgiving of my father and also appreciative. I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth. They always win who side with God. In terms of number of movies, I've been in an extraordinary amount. If you count only the minutes I'm onscreen, it's not so long. I had been here five years already, training very hard, learning about the systems, the shuttle, the station systems. But, everything really became real when I started to work with them. Getting along with men isn't what's truly important. The vital knowledge is how to get along with a man, one man. I tried marriage. I'm 0 for 3 with the marriage thing. So, being a ballplayer - I believe in numbers. I'm not going 0 for 4. I'm not wearing a golden sombrero. So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system. But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication. No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. It just took all of that to come to a screeching halt, to get to the point of having nothing, for me to finally realize, Hey, what are you fighting with this for? Until then, I hadn't claimed my faith as my own I had just grown up with it. The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man. I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life? Anger has a way of seeping into every other emotion and planting itself in there. The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries. Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears. Usually I design the lighting and when I have the physical set there, I'm not good at going out loosely and saying, 'Do you what you want, give it to the editor, and he'll figure it out.' I physically then walk on with the actors and I say, 'Let's walk until you guys feel the space works for you, and tell me when all that happens.' And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning. Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies. A psychologist once told me that for a boy being in the middle of a conflict between two women is the worst possible situation. There's always a desire to please each one. I would find myself laughing and wondering where these ideas came from. You can call it imagination, I suppose. But I was grateful for wherever they came from. Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals. Americans oppose Obamacare because they understand that it is inconsistent with our liberties and our idea of limited government and that it will destroy the best health care system in the world. Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment. Everybody needs that. It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything. A great city is that which has the greatest men and women. To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age. Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it. Like sex in Victorian England, the reality of Big Business today is our big dirty secret. I had said to some pastor that I was having thoughts, and the church turned on me. They went to my mom and said, So sorry about your son. People are taken aback by a confident, pretty girl who knows what she wants in life and isn't going to let anyone get in her way. And you know what it's all about? Jealousy. I'm trying to figure myself out through my movies. Whether it's big stuff like what we're doing here, or little stuff like, 'Why aren't I happier?' With every film I feel like I'm apologising for something. I feel I'm most successful when I'm looking for something that embarrasses me about my character that I'd like to expose. I stood for parliament with the amazing support and help of my ex-husband, but it's not something that was handed to me like a peerage. I worked hard and was elected. So my achievements, such as they are, are my own. It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth. I do the gardening. I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else. Using no control and using humor will build a relationship and make a dent to where the client puts the counselor in their quality world and then begins to relate and seek out the counselor. Effective therapy begins with the acceptance of the therapist into the client's quality world. The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. I get very nervous whenever I think about it. I've never done a serious play, and I have such awe of the woman - she's really my only idol. It's going to be a big stretch - certain people come out on stage and your face muscles automatically tense and you get ready to smile. I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down. In short, we need to recover the courage we celebrate in our heroes, and in particular, the courage to tolerate, for the sake of a free society, a level of risk we hardly ever imagined in the past. I know there are things I did in education that will never be reversed. I have not done that in film yet because I have only been here for about nine months. To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top. If you can miss getting up in the morning and running into a wall, I miss playing football. I'll never be a frustrated athlete. Few would argue that Richard Dawkins is the world's most famous atheist, especially now that his friend and rival for the title, Christopher Hitchens, has now gone to meet his Maker. Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years. This band has never had an argument. It's just amazing. Eating without conversation is only stoking. The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education. Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don't necessarily know how to obtain happiness. It's always been my mom and I against the world. Without a knowledge of mythology much of the elegant literature of our own language cannot be understood and appreciated. Mr. DeMille's theory of sexual difference was that marriage is an artificial state for women. The want to be taken, ruled, raped. That was his theory. Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically. Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life. Independence doesn't - doesn't equate to moderates. Millions of independents are pro-life. Millions of independents believe marriage is between a man and a woman. Let me say this loud and clear. There is a world of difference between terrorist acts and the Islamic Shari'a. Islam is not only a religion, but a way of life. And at its heart lie the sacred principles of tolerance and dialogue. Both my brothers became physicians and I, of course, wandered into a business where the undisciplined are welcome. I am hopeful for the American people that we can actually improve the outlook for bringing down costs in health care. If I finance a bank and I know if the bank will get in trouble, I will be hit and I will lose money, I will put a price on that. The best days I have are usually days where I'm out in the woods and something happens, like I see an amazing animal like a fox, or I get a glimpse of a wild pig or something that I never see. Or crazy things happen. You're always tellin' me to go out more, Go ahead, get out and see the world, But then I think, why should I? I'd rather stay home and cry. My face has changed with the years and has enough history in it to give audiences something to work with. When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous. A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use. It's better to take over and build upon an existing business than to start a new one. It's cool to be healthy. I love the work, I love being in front of the camera and working with actors and directors and creating something. For me, it's like learning everyday. Whence come I and whither go I? That is the great unfathomable question, the same for every one of us. Science has no answer to it. In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology. No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished? It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. We have in this country a federal government that increasingly is engaged in trying to determine which business, which regions, which industries will succeed, which will not through a whole range of economic development, regional development corporate subsidization programs. I love to cook. My dad's a really excellent cook and his style is: Look in the fridge and make whatever there is with whatever ingredients you have and I like cooking like that, too. You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right! To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Let's love turbulence and use it for change. I realised a long time ago that instrumental music speaks a lot more clearly than English, Spanish, Yiddish, Swahili, any other language. Pure melody goes outside time. I am Jose Mourinho and I don't change. I arrive with all my qualities and my defects. Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity. I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I don't try to change them anymore, and I don't think they try to change me. Creation is all space, all time - all things past, present, and future. Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations they are there to make money. Men have looked upon the desert as barren land, the free holding of whoever chose but in fact each hill and valley in it had a man who was its acknowledged owner and would quickly assert the right of his family or clan to it, against aggression. Back in the '70s, like one of my favorite movies ever was 'The Bad News Bears', and that was a kids' movie, but I don't think of it that way. I think of it as just a great movie because Walter Matthau was so funny and so harsh with those kids. The Internet will win because it is relentless. Like a cannibal, it even turns on it own. Though early portals like Prodigy and AOL once benefited from their first-mover status, competitors surpassed them as technology and consumer preferences changed. All oppression creates a state of war. I still like the run and gun action movies and how truly dangerous it can be to make these films. Whenever you analyse anyone who has had any success and they're in the headlines, you will find they are human and make mistakes. I'm certainly that and I've made a lot of mistakes. We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die. Science is his forte, and omniscience his foible. My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office. President Obama's call for nearly a half-trillion dollars in more government stimulus when America has more than $14 trillion in debt is guided by his mistaken belief that we can spend our way to prosperity. I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage. I love physical kinds of comedy and getting down and dirty and doing stunts. When I was growing up, I was always getting into fights with guys and usually punching out boys my age because I was a lot bigger and tougher. So I'm naturally accustomed to putting myself into the headspace of a girl who can take care of herself. Talent hits a target no one else can hit Genius hits a target no one else can see. It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions. I was the oldest of the children in my family. I had to do a lot of diaper-changing and lunch-making. I was taking my little sister to ballet, picking up my brother, sort of being a super-nanny. If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death. As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time. I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once. God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. Yeah, I love being famous. It's almost like being white, y'know? Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius. I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness. In time we hate that which we often fear. It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge. The greatest gift that Oxford gives her sons is, I truly believe, a genial irreverence toward learning, and from that irreverence love may spring. I mean I'm not smarter than the market, but I can recognize a good tape and a bad tape. I recognize when it's right and when it's wrong and that's what my strength is. One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king. From my dad I learned to be good to people, to always be honest and straightforward. I learned hard work and perseverance. Because I didn't have brothers, I was always interested in the kids down the street that had four brothers in their family, so I became one of them - but it was not my family. I've always been attracted to temporary families. They tend to be lost characters. I just want to work, and learn from people I respect and admire. We talk a lot in our home together about where we're going, what I'm doing. Testing oneself is best when done alone. As long as there are religions, there are going to be people who are hiding their rottenness behind the veil of religion. There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, 'Oh, for God's sake, what's the matter with him?' But it's just a natural expression. Let us have but one end in view, the welfare of humanity and let us put aside all selfishness in consideration of language, nationality, or religion. I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man. People naturally change a lot during their 20s, so my songs reflect that progression. The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job. As I was coming out of the closet, our car was hurtling over an embankment. He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them. Friendship's the wine of life: but friendship new... is neither strong nor pure. I like the good feeling movies. I enjoy the preparatory elements of travel - packing my bags and choosing my outfits - but my favourite part is getting there. I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows? Well I think it has always been a mistake to reduce the peace process in Ireland to a decommissioning process. The power of the American system of republicanism lies in its capacity to allow religious belief to be a competing, not a controlling, factor in American life. You can make a lot of money in this game. Just ask my ex-wives. Both of them are so rich that neither of their husbands work. When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I. I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono. No lie ever reaches old age. A man's kiss is his signature. Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom. I want to go to college and go back to Georgetown. It's a really cool place. We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams. Being is the great explainer. Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life. Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. For I can raise no money by vile means. I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland. I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money. I'm very girly. I love to talk about diets, exercise, kids, make-up. What Romantic terminology called genius or talent or inspiration is nothing other than finding the right road empirically, following one's nose, taking shortcuts. When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that. Of course there are regrets. I shall regret always that I found my own authentic voice in politics. I was too conservative, too conventional. Too safe, too often. Too defensive. Too reactive. Later, too often on the back foot. I believe that every role that I have done this far has had quality and content. My roles have been very demanding and every role has been a challenge and a learning experience that has helped me mature as an actress. A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance. There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate, upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to discard. Some people think my father was a spy, because of working for that government agency in Vietnam, but he can't find his car keys, much less keep a national secret. The trick at Le Mans is to get the car 'in the window.' Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - it's about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners. Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy. Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience. Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time. Our American friends offer us money, arms, and advice. We take the money, we take the arms, and we decline the advice. A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve. In a society that tries to standardize thinking, individuality is not highly prized. Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul. Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present. The movies and the parts I'm being offered are becoming better and better. The Royal family to me are not England, and they are not the flag. I don't have a very quick sense of humor. I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold. I would have to say the person with whom I am most in love is definitely my son, Everly Bear. Although I'm his dad, I'm also his friend. Hope founded upon a human being, a man-made philosophy or any institution is always misplaced... because these things are unreliable and fleeting. You've got a beautiful country with so many beautiful people and so many beautiful things happening and stuff like that lets it down. I feel sad for them. It is the child's understanding that teaches the adults the way of the future. They're still doing it today with modern technology. You know, if you are kind of rich, the best thing is that you don't have to think about money. The best thing you can buy with money is freedom, time. I don't know how much I earn a year. I have no idea. I don't know how much I pay in taxes. Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something. No power of government ought to be employed in the endeavor to establish any system or article of belief on the subject of religion. We should tell our kids to just have fun, participate and not get bent on winning or losing. But every coach, when they say that, they say it tongue in cheek, 'Don't worry about winning': If you win I'll get you ice cream, but if you lose I'm going to pout in the car. I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances. I realised a long time ago that instrumental music speaks a lot more clearly than English, Spanish, Yiddish, Swahili, any other language. Pure melody goes outside time. A safe and nutritionally adequate diet is a basic individual right and an essential condition for sustainable development, especially in developing countries. Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change. Even in the presence of others he was completely alone. But my humble opinion is, I'm not quite sure where I stand on the legalization of drugs - though, if tequila is legal, pot should probably be legal. I don't think it's an incredibly radical premise to try and have sympathy for someone who has made a mistake. Are we still a country that takes risks, that innovates, that believes anything is possible? Or are we a country that is resigned to whatever liberty the government decides to dish out? I will never do another TV series. It couldn't top I Love Lucy, and I'd be foolish to try. In this business, you have to know when to get off. And we've got a toaster and everything. So there is no reason for the wedding. They put me in a harness, like a horse, to learn the back somersault. It was weird up there when I put on that harness for the first time. The courage came with practice. In our own state, we came up with, I think, what was a very novel approach to closing the gap on the uninsured. To harmonize medical records - which was a major step in getting costs out of the system. It's a different outlook, and one that I understand. When you are a former member of the Warsaw Pact, when you have lived behind the Berlin Wall, when you have experienced the communist systems that existed in these countries, for them, the West represents hope. In my column series 'The Main Thing,' I often talk about how Internet technology can improve the way people communicate - both within a business and between a business and its customers and partners. I am hoping for peaceful transition into a new age. Obama has already played a great role in initiating us into that vision. If he were to be harmed in any way, it would spawn the birth of a million Obamas. I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there. Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy. The role of the musician is to go from concept to full execution. Put another way, it's to go from understanding the content of something to really learning how to communicate it and make sure it's well-received and lives in somebody else. Acting allows me the freedom to let go, to be in the moment, to be spontaneous. I no longer have the fear of losing, of failure. Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them. I'm not alone, I'm free. I no longer have to be a credit, I don't have to be a symbol to anybody I don't have to be a first to anybody. Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false. I think that if Republicans are given the reins of leadership in the House or Senate or both, we will have to govern in a way - at least put forward solutions whether or not the president goes along with them or not, that deal with these long-term challenges. People do not win people fights. Lawyers do. I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier. So, one way or another, I found myself in a few movies. I take it seriously when I'm on the set, but I don't take myself seriously as an actor. And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together. When one may pay out over two million dollars to presidential and Congressional campaigns, the U.S. government is virtually up for sale. Experience is never limited, and it is never complete it is an immense sensibility, a kind of huge spider-web of the finest silken threads suspended in the chamber of consciousness, and catching every air-borne particle in its tissue. World War II has always been of great interest to me. I've known for decades that it was just one more war the politicians suckered us into. With age, you see people fail more. You see yourself fail more. How do you keep that fearlessness of a kid? You keep going. Luckily, I'm not afraid to make a fool of myself. My daughter's name is Neesyn Dacey but everyone calls her Dacey. Her mom chose Neesyn and I chose Dacey after she was born. The mother is a good friend of mine who I was seeing a while ago. We are no longer together. My government will respect the will of the people. The Viennese wash everything. Where else in the world does the government hire public servants to wash public telephone booths and the glass over traffic lights? Every time I see someone doing these things, I smile like a child. Another way of judging the value of a prophet's religious experience, therefore, would be to examine the type of manhood that he has created, and the cultural world that has sprung out of the spirit of his message. Isn't it the moment of most profound doubt that gives birth to new certainties? Perhaps hopelessness is the very soil that nourishes human hope perhaps one could never find sense in life without first experiencing its absurdity. I strongly support the call to greatly expand our human intelligence capability to penetrate al Qaeda and gather critical intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks on our homeland. If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else. A grain of poetry suffices to season a century. It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove. Few expected very much of Franklin Roosevelt on Inauguration Day in 1933. Like Barack Obama seventy-six years later, he was succeeding a failed Republican president, and Americans had voted for change. What that change might be Roosevelt never clearly said, probably because he himself didn't know. Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our 'beauty' so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air. As tempting as it seems to wear tennis shoes with your tux, don't do it. I think it looks ridiculous. If you're 14 years old, maybe give it a shot. In general, don't portray anything that says 'I'm too cool and I don't care.' It is impossible to love and to be wise. The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government. The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up. We need to reach that happy stage of our development when differences and diversity are not seen as sources of division and distrust, but of strength and inspiration. I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each other's pockets. I don't see why you have to share the same bathroom. Not really in all honesty because until you take control of your own health and go to your own doctor and have your own doctor tell you what's going to work for you. I have to say when we talk about the treatment of these prisoners that I would guess that these prisoners wake up every morning thanking Allah that Saddam Hussein is not in charge of these prisons. There is no substitute for the comfort supplied by the utterly taken-for-granted relationship. Artists are notoriously snooty and suspicious of anything coming from the business community. To be immortal is commonplace except for man, all creatures are immortal, for they are ignorant of death what is divine, terrible, incomprehensible, is to know that one is immortal. No relief was forthcoming from my then-Catholic faith, which said the practice of homosexuality was a 'mortal sin' subject to damnation. Well I think money has been going into political campaigns for a very long time. The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games. Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. I am interested in politics. I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup. One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say. If my kid couldn't draw I'd make sure that my kitchen magnets didn't work. Seeds of faith are always within us sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth. Religion is to mysticism what popularization is to science. If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live. Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that. I have a lot of plants and fish and a pet lizard and Venus flytraps. I have a whole ecosystem in my room, like a running waterfall and different lights and sensors set on digital timers. There's a sort of sibling moratorium when you're establishing yourself as an adult. So much of your energy has to be focused on other things like work and kids. But when people become more settled, siblings tend to regroup because now you're building a new extended family. And here's the fact: the fact is it doesn't solve the problem. First of all, if you taxed these people at 100 percent, basically next year you said, 'Look, every penny you make next year the government's going to take it from you,' it still doesn't solve the debt. I like the hot-cold, the sugar-salt, being able to play over-the-top and dramatic things - in the same film. Just as in my life, I can be very funny and at other times almost extinguished. It is only the ignorant who despise education. I think there is a great deal of interest still in the Christian faith. I have piles of poetry books in the bathroom, on the stairs, everywhere. The only way to write poetry is to read it. Your destiny is my destiny. Your happiness is my happiness. She looks like a warrior. I mean, Bellatrix does mean warrior. And she's also a bit of a fatale. She's the right hand of Voldemort, and the only woman death eater. When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit. Fantasy is toxic: the private cruelty and the world war both have their start in the heated brain. It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. Dogs are my favorite people. I think what a life in science really teaches you is the vastness of our ignorance. I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty. Human beings do not eat nutrients, they eat food. When I'm writing, I'm trying to immerse myself in the chaos of an emotional experience, rather than separate myself from it and look back at it from a distance with clarity and tell it as a story. Because that's how life is lived, you know? Canada is currently the only major industrialized country in the world that does not allow any private administration of health care services that are provided by the public system. Zeal without knowledge is fire without light. No matter what looms ahead, if you can eat today, enjoy today, mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless God for it. It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as one's treasure will not win one anyone's favours one rather risks finding oneself outside everyone's camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first. I think with movies I am really connecting to the Joseph Campbell idea of the collective unconscious. I'm a big romantic, traditional, cheesy guy. I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day. Latin men are the most passionate men in the world - they may not be the most aggressive, but they are very passionate, very romantic. American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts, whether committed by foe or friend. The helicopter is a fine way to travel, but it induces a view of the world that only God and CEOs share on a regular basis. America's biggest export is media and I think that's a positive thing. We must safely secure our border by investing in more law enforcement and technology, and receiving cooperation from the Mexican government. Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action. There's no particular relationship between spending and educational results. Most education spending is actually on salaries, and that's allocated according to political muscle. The law has no power over heroes. It is better to have a relationship with someone who cheats on you than with someone who does not flush the toilet. Anywhere, anytime ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny democracy, not dictatorship the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police. If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day. But I think funny and talent will always win out I mean, of course there are hurdles, but I think if you're funny you will get over all of that. Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. We the chefs have a responsibility to learn about the chemical makeup of food! My family is awesome. I believe that science fiction is as profound as you want it to be or it can be very simple entertainment, and I'm all for very simple entertainment. Every now and then we all need to come home, veg-out, watch something and not think too deeply about it. It's what you want it to be. We tend to steer clear of being pedantic it's entertainment first, otherwise we'd be on a lecture circuit. Children can write poetry and then, unless they're poets, they stop when reach puberty. One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing. I'm married to my best friend! I hope that posterity will judge me kindly, not only as to the things which I have explained, but also to those which I have intentionally omitted so as to leave to others the pleasure of discovery. I think a big part of our attraction to sport movies are the stories contained within the sports. It's nice because success has allowed me to have a blast on stage, to be in the studio with amazing people, but I find it all a bit bizarre. One secret of leadership is that the mind of a leader never turns off. Leaders even when they are sightseers or spectators, are active not passive observers. In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them. City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure. It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages. Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want. I wanted to be an astronaut and wanted to go to space camp, but then I found out that I was too short to become an astronaut. My mom really made me believe that if I worked hard enough and if I really wanted to do it, I could do it. Don't play too much golf. Two rounds a day are plenty. True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made. The truth is more important than the facts. Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. You never know what movie I will be in next, but let's just hope it's sells (for my sake at least)! There are relatively few science fiction or fantasy books with the main character being an old person. As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be. One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb. One of the most amazing things I got from the film, so much green screen, there are so many moments and it really taught me about how important it is to have an intention when flying, when going somewhere and having an intention. Judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement. We do not celebrate the death of our enemies. Our songs touch people, and take them back to a time when there was no threat of terrorism, when you didn't have to lock your doors and when Mom and Dad took care of everything. I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!' The science of life is changing hearts and minds. Home, nowadays, is a place where part of the family waits till the rest of the family brings the car back. Even the most understated ceremony involves a certain respect for ritual and pageantry. No one plays more of a significant role than the bride's attendants. Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. The truest wisdom is a resolute determination. A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away. But because it was able to balance that kind of humor with a sweet story and characters you really rooted for and also got across the girls' point of view, I've heard nothing but great things from younger and older females as well. A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves. The insufferable arrogance of human beings to think that Nature was made solely for their benefit, as if it was conceivable that the sun had been set afire merely to ripen men's apples and head their cabbages. People living deeply have no fear of death. The art of mastering life is the prerequisite for all further forms of expression, whether they are paintings, sculptures, tragedies, or musical compositions. Only love interests me, and I am only in contact with things that revolve around love. Nothing in life is promised except death. God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight. If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever. Right now, I'm not really thinking about marriage. My own time is passing fast enough without some national game to help it along. Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality its left. When I began to choreograph and find my way pulling other artists' dreams out and changing music in a visual way, there was still a part of me that had something more to say. There was still a desire to rock a stage and ultimately perform the eight count of my dream, but there was a lot of insecurity there. My hope and prayer is that the body of Christ in America will awake with holy boldness, a boldness content neither with silence nor mere words but that backs up those words with action and results. The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life. And whether you're drawn to gospel music or church music or honky-tonk music, it informs your character and it informs your talent. We knew it was going to be the biggest event scheduled in the history of women's sports, but we didn't ever fathom we would be playing before sold-out stadiums all over the country. Trifles make up the happiness or the misery of human life. You have a political and media elite who have an idiom by which they describe politics. It's highly, highly polarised. It's right, left, red, blue, up, down, victorious, crushed. Till now I have never shot a scene without taking account of what stands behind the actors because the relationship between people and their surroundings is of prime importance. I play with a fear of letting people down. That's what motivates me. Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination do not become the slave of your model. I think what coaching is all about, is taking players and analyzing there ability, put them in a position where they can excel within the framework of the team winning. And I hope that I've done that in my 33 years as a head coach. I think they need to get a more reliable way of watching television on the laptop. Because I travel so much, if I want to watch my favorite sports team it might not be showing in that place, so I want a reliable way to watch whatever I want to watch on my laptop. I think a good friend, to me, is all about trust and loyalty. You don't ever want to second-guess whether you can tell your friend something. Every thought we think is creating our future. I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that. I've been told the weirdest things: 'Yeah, I love taking a bath to your music!' or 'I gave birth to my daughter while listening to your music.' The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles. Unfortunately, money in politics is an insidious thing - and a loophole in our campaign finance system was taken advantage of with money going to existing or new 527 groups with the sole purpose of influencing the election. In terms of fear, I still am most afraid of Freddie Kruger. A great man is always willing to be little. I thought the divorce statistics would never apply to me. I was beyond heartbroken when they did. But I got up and got on with it. I also kept my belief in marriage. There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it. Hawaii was beautiful of course, we played at Turtle Bay an amazing resort right on the ocean. To have great poets, there must be great audiences. If American politics are too dirty for women to take part in, there's something wrong with American politics. Just like I find men who talk sports who don't really know sports annoying, I think men might find women who don't really have a true passion and knowledge of sports maybe not so attractive. We had incense and rock'n'roll posters, and we sold records and rolling papers. People could just, like, hang out. We had a cool vibe going. I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it. Four men are missing R., Sorel and two emigrants. They set out this morning after buffalo, and have not yet made their appearance whether killed or lost, we cannot tell. The women I know who have children and have careers, they seem to be very happy. They love their children and they love their jobs. But happiness comes out of being willing to do your work in your twenties to find out who you are, what you love. Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! Look out into the universe and contemplate the glory of God. Observe the stars, millions of them, twinkling in the night sky, all with a message of unity, part of the very nature of God. When you're in a car which can win every race, or fight for a win every race, that is pressure. Happiness serves hardly any other purpose than to make unhappiness possible. There are four stages in a marriage. First there's the affair, then the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce. I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly. I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge. We mistake politics for legislative debate. You can be passionate without being personal. I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it. Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier. There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck. Keep hope alive! What do I think of L.A.? It's boring, with some amazing nuggets. Like there are some parts of it that are great, but by and large I think it's quite boring. I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family. It is only the cynicism that is born of success that is penetrating and valid. For days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off. In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period. I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams. They were all famous and fantastic fellows. When Whitney Houston died, I felt great sadness. My sadness, of course, was about our collective loss - when you listened to this nightingale sing, your body would drop into a chair, your head would tilt up, a small smile would creep across your face, and inside you knew that there was a higher power somewhere: gifted, beautiful, spiritual. There is a great deal of human nature in man. Free enterprise empowers entrepreneurs who have ideas and imagination, investors who take risks, and workers who hone their skills and offer their labor. America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live. There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened. A veteran journalist has never had time to think twice before he writes. I had an almost fetishistic attraction to film technology. I grew up singing. My mother was a music teacher. When I was a kid, I took 'The Brady Bunch' and 'The Partridge Family' very seriously. It was a world to me in the same way that the Greek myths would have been had I read them. You know, Marcia is Athena and Mr. Brady is Zeus. Throughout its history, the international Olympic Committee has struggled to spread its ideal of fraternity, friendship, peace and universal understanding. Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around. But take comfort in that I die at peace with the world and myself - not afraid. Fans don't boo nobodies. Aeneas carried his aged father on his back from the ruins of Troy and so do we all, whether we like it or not, perhaps even if we have never known them. It's a wonderful side effect of what we're doing, to give someone the strength to come out of the closet to their family, or simply present themselves aesthetically in a way they feel happy with, whether or not their friends are going to be allowed to like them anymore. Dreaming is an act of pure imagination, attesting in all men a creative power, which if it were available in waking, would make every man a Dante or Shakespeare. Gibson has been making the finest electric guitars the world has ever witnessed for over 70 years. They are as American as God, guns and rock and roll. We live in the country. I'm a redneck. No, ha-ha. I live in L.A. County, but more in the hills. Not in the fancy kind! Trust me whatever you do you do not want to come to my neighborhood! Since 1994, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have considered it politically risky to offer a plan to fix America's broken health care system. The American public, though, has paid the price for this silence as health care costs skyrocketed, millions went uninsured, and millions more grappled with financial insecurity and hardship. Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more? If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems. No money is better spent than what is laid out for domestic satisfaction. They say I'm the Hottest MC in the Game. If you label me that, I will live up to it. Trust me. There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. Europe is difficult to coordinate, and our main deficit may not even lie in this area of finance and economics, but in foreign and security policy. We have a leadership problem because we are still 27 different members who have still not decided on how to work with each other based on what we used to call a European constitution. Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice. A judgment about life has no meaning except the truth of the one who speaks last, and the mind is at ease only at the moment when everyone is shouting at once and no one can hear a thing. First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success. Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing. You don't have to be rich and famous. You just have to be an ordinary person, doing extraordinary things. I'd like more people to know that it's there. Women's achievements still aren't recognised enough in many areas. No philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism. We are justified in enforcing good morals, for they belong to all mankind but we are not justified in enforcing good manners, for good manners always mean our own manners. Women are so much in love with compliments that rather than want them, they will compliment one another, yet mean no more by it than the men do. Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you're playing against yourself and nature. I don't know any other lifestyle. I get up in the morning and I really do feel that the world is my oyster, and I start that way, the same as I would if I were preparing to write a song: put a blank piece of paper up on the piano and you go for it. People are going deaf because music is played louder and louder, but because they're going deaf, it has to be played louder still. I hope by the time I'm 30 to have a husband and maybe a baby. I think that people don't know how to do anything anymore. My father was a janitor. He could take a car apart and put it back together. He could build a house in the back yard. Today, if you ask people what they know, they say, 'I know how to hire someone.' In the tumult of men and events, solitude was my temptation now it is my friend. What other satisfaction can be sought once you have confronted History? Inequality makes everyone unhappy, the poor most of all, and that is well within the remit of the state. More money gives less extra happiness the richer we get, yet we are addicted to earning and spending more every year. Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively. Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor. When I started, you didn't make a lot of money by being a comedian. You didn't get a lot of respect. I think the importance of doing activist work is precisely because it allows you to give back and to consider yourself not as a single individual who may have achieved whatever but to be a part of an ongoing historical movement. The arts are weapons of understanding and weapons of happiness. The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out. You can design a mortgage system that is different without a Fannie and Freddie, but there are principles you have to have, to have a good system. A total nuclear freeze is counterproductive - especially now, when technology is rapidly changing and the Soviets have some important strategic advantages. Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they? There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.' We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution. Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdom we've learned and create something. I half knew what to expect when I saw the cricket ground in the morning. It was when I started to talk to people working out there, I began to find what I was looking for. Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition. Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. Garden as though you will live forever. There's a need for accepting responsibility - for a person's life and making choices that are not just ones for immediate short-term comfort. You need to make an investment, and the investment is in health and education. I think women are amazing and women's friendships are like a sisterhood and we should see more of it in television and film. The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way. Wisdom comes alone through suffering. Unless we abandon elements which resemble a police state, we can't meet the demands of being a modern society. Look at our Lords disciples. One denied Him one doubted Him one betrayed Him. If our Lord couldn't have perfection, how are you going to have it in city government? It makes no difference how deeply seated may be the trouble, how hopeless the outlook how muddled the tangle, how great the mistake. A sufficient realization of love will dissolve it all. American movies are often very good at mining those great underlying myths that make films robustly travel across class, age, gender, culture. My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics. I love the comic opportunities that come up in the context of a father-son relationship. Oh, I will always be honest with my music. The records are black boxes for me. Like if you want to know who I am, my views, my perspective, things I love, things I hate, my convictions, my anthems. I've never let people's opinions affect the way I write. The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late. Superman was never previewed because the producers didn't trust Warners with the film. Our best thoughts come from others. It was a shock to people of the nineteenth century when they discovered, from observations science had made, that many features of the biological world could be ascribed to the elegant principle of natural selection. Form follows function. I forget what the relevant American rate is, but I can tell you that our goal is to have a combined federal-provincial corporate tax rate of no more than 25 percent. We're on target to do that by 2012. We will have significantly - by a significant margin the lowest corporate tax rates in the G-7, and that's our - our government's objective. I've been heartbroken. I've broken hearts. That's part of life, and its part of figuring out who you are so you can find the right partner. Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart. My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear. Blade Runner appears regularly, two or three times a year in various shapes and forms of science fiction. It set the pace for what is essentially urban science fiction, urban future and it's why I've never re-visited that area because I feel I've done it. It felt as if things were literally slipping through my fingers. Things were just streaming away from me. I lost my sense of humor. I'm still looking for that. If you think spreading money around by force seems like an odd definition of fairness, you're not alone. The fact that religion plays such a part in how people vote troubles me, troubles me as a minister's daughter. Because I always felt that the separation of church and state was what our forefathers and foremothers really fought for. I travel all the time. Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness. As far as Iraq, the important thing is that the Taliban is gone in Afghanistan, three-quarters of the al-Qaida leadership is either dead or in jail, and we now have Saudi Arabia working with us, Pakistan working with us. My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person. If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself. Social media is not about the exploitation of technology but service to community. To take a photograph is to participate in another person's mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time's relentless melt. Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. I don't live with people, that's why my relationships last. I'm not romantic. Even when I was a teenager if somebody asked if they could hold my hand I'd say, - no, it's not heavy, I can hold it myself, thank you'. And though my Lord hath lost his estate and been banished out of his country, yet neither despised poverty nor pinching necessity could make him break the bonds of friendship or weaken his loyal duty. I have to ask Allah's forgiveness and not get angry, because they come to me out of love, and it's not fitting that I should turn to them in hatred. We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole. All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish, and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today. It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger. Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people. The spotlight will always be on me, but it's something I'm learning to live with as the years go by. I think a child should be allowed to take his father's or mother's name at will on coming of age. Paternity is a legal fiction. A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape. And of course there's so much music in and around our family. I had a piano during Christmas because it's obviously useful through the season. There are so many people, songwriters, who are around. Look, if I were alone in the world, I would have the right to choose despair, solitude and self-fulfillment. But I am not alone. I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this. I believe that the majority of times the scale tilts toward the good. It's this amazing thing that rolls on and if we get in the flow of it, that's God. And if we fight it, if we swim the other way, we're swimming away from the purest expression of this life. If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long. Anyone who really studies Catholicism deeply is aware of the mystical nature of our faith. Even references to Christ's mystical body has connections to that principle. Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians. I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound. I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit. Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection the past then lives in your words and you are free. It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor. I surrendered to a world of my imagination, reenacting all those wonderful tales my father would read aloud to me. I became a very active reader, especially history and Shakespeare. How much time he saves who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks. I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong. Than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil. Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory. I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day. My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die. I don't think anyone has a normal family. In principle, there are only three main components of spending that much matter to monetary policy: consumer spending, business investment and exports and trade. I grew up in a Hindu household but went to a Roman Catholic school. I grew up with a mother who said, 'I'll arrange a marriage for you at 18,' but she also said that we could achieve anything we put our minds to an encourage us to dream of becoming prime minister or president. There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves. Death is with you all the time you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life. We want people to realize you are at a design school, not a land grant college. The way we look says a great deal about who we are. We each own one car, and we have a reasonable house. It's a lovely place to be, but it's not extravagant. I'm a hopeless romantic. It's disgusting. It really is. I've seen 'While You Were Sleeping', like, twenty times, and I still believe in the whole Prince Charming thing. Ideas seem to come from everywhere - my life, everything I see, hear, and read, and most of all, from my imagination. I have a lot of imagination. Study men, not historians. One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that. Variety's the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor. You travel across the country, you visit departments, you give talks, you talk about the work at your laboratory - what's going on, what the opportunities are there - you talk about your own research. I remember Michael saying, 'Rich and famous? It's much better to be just rich'. I didn't quite get it to begin with. But he's right. You lose anonymity. I say to my family that you've no idea until you lose it how precious anonymity is. I think that you have to do everything you can do to empower girls when they are young, from their education, to their successful independence, to their sexual self-knowledge. Despite the demands of this job, one of the things my wife and I try to do is to spend time together alone. And one of the things we really enjoy doing together is seeing a good movie. I thought they may have presumed too much knowledge of certain things for people who are not comedians. Like Montreal. A comic understands what it is and its importance, but someone else may not know about it. As a matter of fact, when compression technology came along, we thought the future in 1996 was about voice. We got it wrong. It is about voice, video, and data, and that is what we have today on these cell phones. It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well. There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things. I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad. I love country music, blues, and punk, and one day I might make those kinds of records. Syria should not belong to one family, to one coterie, or to one party. It belongs to all the people of Syria equally, in all their religious and ethnic diversity. To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift. Making a movie requires 20 to 500 people to make and a lot of money and the stakes are a lot higher. Governments never learn. Only people learn. The beef industry has contributed to more American deaths than all the wars of this century, all natural disasters, and all automobile accidents combined. The Greeks said grandly in their tragic phrase, 'Let no one be called happy till his death' to which I would add, 'Let no one, till his death, be called unhappy.' I always get bored with my hair. That's why I would always change it throughout my career. Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors. How quickly we forget God's great deliverances in our lives. How easily we take for granted the miracles he performed in our past. My family is awesome. Truth is exact correspondence with reality. If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. You can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take. Science without conscience is the death of the soul. Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body it's truly love. Part of our essential humanity is paying respect to what God gave us and what will be here a long time after we're gone. Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us. We also own a little boat and I'm like a kid with it. I take off early in the morning, fishing rod in tow, and just drift about the ocean all day. Sometimes I think what I write is funny in its quiet way. Travel, which was once either a necessity or an adventure, has become very largely a commodity, and from all sides we are persuaded into thinking that it is a social requirement, too. Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude. One fails forward toward success. For a while I felt very alone sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States. To explore technology for me is something that I have to do. Otherwise, I feel completely left in the back... abandoned. A family with the wrong members in control that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase. I am a morning writer I am writing at eight-thirty in longhand and I keep at it until twelve-thirty, when I go for a swim. Then I come back, have lunch, and read in the afternoon until I take my walk for the next day's writing. But when I really look back on my life, being really honest about it and now that I've got the chance to travel the world, seeing how a lot of little kids grow up - my life wasn't so bad. They've also asked me now to start on another series that we're gonna do after this Frontier Earth. But it's not science fiction, it's more in the Mystery and Crime division and that's another area I'm very interested in. When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent. The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder. We can bring to characters dark and bright sides that nobody even dreams about. I just want to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully people will watch my movies. A system of capitalism presumes sound money, not fiat money manipulated by a central bank. Capitalism cherishes voluntary contracts and interest rates that are determined by savings, not credit creation by a central bank. I am deeply concerned that, without peace and a two-state solution, the Jewish and democratic nature of Israel is in danger. That's why I have opposed Israel's settlement policy since 1973, and that's why I have favored a two-state solution since 1967. Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it. He who opens a school door, closes a prison. It is easier to have faith that God will support each House of Hospitality and Farming Commune and supply our needs in the way of food and money to pay bills, than it is to keep a strong, hearty, living faith in each individual around us - to see Christ in him. Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. My dad bought me a guitar and people would ask me to play. There is huge demand for artificial intelligence technologies. I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with the idea of being famous. When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things. I decided to pursue music, so I dropped out of school and I told my parents I didn't want any money from them. I got three jobs and I just hit the ground running. I'd date someone younger or older age doesn't matter to me. Or looks, really - it's all about maturity. Both within the family and without, our sisters hold up our mirrors: our images of who we are and of who we can dare to be. I don't know if I'm built for marriage. Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it. I think I would be very sad if I wasn't able to have a baby. To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best. The engine of ancient society was religion but the engine of contemporary society, as I see it, is advertising. I know that I have lived because I have felt, and, feeling giving me the knowledge of my existence, I know likewise that I shall exist no more when I shall have ceased to feel. My brother Bob doesn't want to be in government - he promised Dad he'd go straight. Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power. It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right. We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know? If government and media and all of us in the Australian tribe got together, and the rock industry, we'd just be the greatest cultural force the world has ever seen - we're such an amazing race. O my brethren, my heart is enlarge towards you. I trust I feel something of that hidden, but powerful presence of Christ, whilst I am preaching to you. I go home and don't get treated any differently. People have known me all my life and are interested and very supportive but because they have known me forever I don't get any diva treatment. My mum still tells me off if I haven't loaded the dishwasher for her. Quite frankly, I didn't become an actor to become a movie star. I have never dreamed about being the most famous person on the planet. I just want to do really good work. We burned to death 100,000 Japanese civilians in Tokyo - men, women and children. LeMay recognized that what he was doing would be thought immoral if his side had lost. But what makes it immoral if you lose and not immoral if you win? I know the exploding cost of health care is at the root of our long-term fiscal challenges. Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many. For me, Barack Obama's election was a milestone of the most extraordinary kind. On the day he was elected I felt such hope in my heart. I thought we were seeing the beginning of a new era of equal opportunity across race and gender such as America had never known before. I recommend that people try new stuff or take new fitness classes all the time. It's important to mix up your routine, not only for your body, but also for your mental state. The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation. I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy. Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century. We hire people who want to make the best things in the world. The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure. Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them. Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die. If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat. There's no need to travel further. The Los Angeles area is big enough for us. It proved easier to buy the farm to get the mineral rights than to buy the coal rights alone. Mammograms are really sort of a gift. You can either catch something early or count your lucky stars because nothing was discovered. Either way, you're ahead of the game. I found that it wasn't so oddball to like music and poetry and visual arts, they're kindred spirits. You know, there were major problems in my marriage. I don't let it bother me too much if someone doesn't like me. I just figure there's no accounting for taste. It's not me, it's my acting. It's like if someone doesn't like someone's food, they just don't like my acting. Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them. The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government. Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued. We make war that we may live in peace. Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers. I'm trying to get in the habit of, you know, picking up a book and learning how to write my feelings down, not my feelings but my thoughts, about things, and hopefully I'll moving toward the writing and directing thing soon. I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands. I've run into some S.O.B. directors, but I gave them back as good as I got. For about ten years now, the struggle for democracy and the respect of human rights has been in the focus point - if not a commodity - of political groups aiming to rise to power. I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature. Without consciousness and intelligence, the universe would lack meaning. If you can once engage people's pride, love, pity, ambition on your side, you need not fear what their reason can do against you. Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths. I wrote some bad poetry that I published in North African journals, but even as I withdrew into this reading, I also led the life of a kind of young hooligan. Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next. In 1963 and later papers, I pointed out that the special market characteristics of medical care and medical insurance could be explained by reference to differences in information among the parties involved. I want to arrive at the possibility of peace with the Syrians, and when I believe that the conditions are right, I will not miss the opportunity. I want to assure your excellency that I am occupying myself permanently and jointly with my team to achieve a solution as soon as possible to this crisis, the principal objective being the safeguarding of the health and life of those who are inside. To some it may be a thrill to be known, to me it's a thrill to start a friendship even up. If an Internet company steals content, they shut it down. And let me tell you, Apple France, Yahoo France or Google France, none of them have gone out of business. A lot of people have questioned how yoga and their own spiritual beliefs can come together. Yoga actually pre-dates religion. To reform a world, to reform a nation, no wise man will undertake and all but foolish men know, that the only solid, though a far slower reformation, is what each begins and perfects on himself. You know, American citizens, I don't think, ever thought that the right to the pursuit of happiness did not include the right to marry the person you love. But for a whole number of Americans, gay Americans, that happens to be true. He's an innocent in a lot of ways. He's a very simple person who really doesn't have the resources or the strength, ultimately, to handle the situation. Arizona is really cool but I couldn't stay there for too long. My ideal relaxation is working on upholstry. I spend hours in junk shops buying furniture. I do all the upholstery work myself, and it's like therapy. My mom and I have always been very close. She is my best friend. She had to make a lot of sacrifices early on in my life to make sure I got to do what I wanted to do. The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. I learned something from that. If someone asks me something that I really don't want to do, I say no. I have to trust that. And I'm not afraid to talk money. Fans don't boo nobodies. Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space. Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none. I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error. I decided I wanted to be a lawyer when I was 11 years of age. Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatever. I can barely remember what I wrote yesterday, let alone 10 years ago. I'm always in situations where you can't be funny, and yet I want to do it anyway. Death is a billion-dollar business. They can't even pass a law where it takes seven days to get a gun. Why don't you have to go through the same kind of screening you do to get a driver's license? It's totally insane. You have to find a balance with food in your life - you can't take out food. It can be absolutely terrifying. Americans want and deserve a broad array of health insurance choices so they can identify those that best fit their own individual or family needs. These choices expand when we allow free enterprise to foster innovation, not smother it with taxes and one-size fits all ideology. Beauty is less important than quality. He whom the gods love dies young, while he is in health, has his senses and his judgments sound. Well, I write a lot of poetry - that's where it usually all starts. I definitely want to show you guys sides of me - love, loss, heartbreak - all of that good stuff! There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. Others indeed may talk, and write, and fight about liberty, and make an outward pretence to it but the free-thinker alone is truly free. Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that. There's this thing of you can live in a city and be completely alone, not notice anything going on around you. If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed. Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock. Faith - you can do very little with it, but you can do nothing without it. The plane took off at 8:10 in the morning - or that's when it was scheduled to take off. And that's when I believe it took off. I had been in my office at the Department of Justice. Someone told me that there had been the two strikes that occurred at the World Trade Center. Fear is exciting for me. Without in any way minimising the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs, the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net, in the form of social security payments, and usually free healthcare and free education for their children. They also have sanitation and safe drinking water. We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it. I grew up in a family where the internalized understanding was that the kids were going to grow up into a better world. I worry, because I don't think my kids are going to have that. The world is very scary. The world would be scary without the choices the current administration made, but they just exacerbated it. And it ticks me off. I want my kids to have a good life. I wanted to escape so badly. But of course I knew I couldn't just give up and leave school. It was only when I heard my mom's voice that I came out of my hiding place. Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have. We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather. Many a man curses the rain that falls upon his head, and knows not that it brings abundance to drive away the hunger. You're right on the money with that. We're all like detectives in life. There's something at the end of the trail that we're all looking for. We reserve our deepest respect and admiration for those who volunteer for service and give their lives to help keep our nation secure. I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born. What we now call school training, the pursuit of fixed studies at stated hours under the constant guidance of a teacher, I could scarcely be said to have enjoyed. I just like food too much, and I don't want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I don't want to look like Britney Spears, I just don't want to. She's hideous. I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years. The abdomen is the reason why man does not readily take himself to be a god. The show doesn't drive home a lesson, but it can open up people's minds enough for them to see how stupid every kind of prejudice can be. You know, I do music. If you look under the hood of the industry I'm in, it's all based on technology. From radio to phonographs to CDs, it's all technology. Microphones, reel-to-reels, cameras, editing, chips, it's all technology. Being famous gets me good concert tickets, good tables in restaurants, good seats at sporting events and that's really about it. War is not the quintessential emergency in which man has to prove himself, as my generation learned at its school desks in the days of the Kaiser rather, peace is the emergency in which we all have to prove ourselves. You cannot simply put something new into a place. You have to absorb what you see around you, what exists on the land, and then use that knowledge along with contemporary thinking to interpret what you see. Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values. I don't know why that is, but English politics is just so overly white. It's very much about the class structure. Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship. Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts. In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic. He's nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of one's nastiness does not make one nice. The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away. I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs. I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. I've always known it was better to be seen and not heard. When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil. I know who my dad is, I've met him a few times, but I don't even call him dad. I know it sounds horrible, but I don't even see him as part of my family, to be honest. If you want the truth, it doesn't bother me because I don't know any different. I just know that me and my mum, that was my family. So many older people, they just sit around all day long and they don't get any exercise. Their muscles atrophy, and they lose their strength, their energy and vitality by inactivity. I count myself as one of millions of Americans whose life simply would not be the same without the libraries that supported my learning. The hoary joke in the literary world, based on 'Dreams From My Father,' was that if things had worked out differently for Barack Obama, he could have made it as a writer. Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in. There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. When violence becomes imbedded in a region, then this affects everything. It affects your dreams, your fantasies and relationships, and your religion becomes violent, too. I try to eat in a way that makes me feel good. If that means a little bite of chocolate I do that, but I try not to use food as a reward for myself. I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs. I went through a long period of time in that marriage when I didn't believe anything was my fault. I had to face what my part was, and only because of that difficult work was I able to trust a man again. Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness? At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly. But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience. A text of Tibetan Buddhism describes the time of death as a unique opportunity for spiritual liberation from the cycles of death and rebirth and a period that determines our next incarnation. When I go back to family reunions everybody goes, 'Hey cousin! Hey Auntie!' And I'm like, 'Okay I don't know you, I have no idea who you are.' I am auntie and cousin for so many and even the ones in prison call me collect. And I'll be like, 'Which of my family members are giving you this phone number?' The only thing I would unequivocally say is that I have never had any interest in romantic comedy I just couldn't do it. I think I'd be terrible. Racial profiling punishes innocent individuals for the past actions of those who look and sound like them. It misdirects crucial resources and undercuts the trust needed between law enforcement and the communities they serve. It has no place in our national discourse, and no place in our nation's police departments. I had the good fortune of having a happy, closely knit family. Apart from a few simple principles, the sound and rhythm of English prose seem to me matters where both writers and readers should trust not so much to rules as to their ears. My husband, Sal, and I put date nights on the calendar once a week. I know that doesn't sound romantic, but otherwise it won't get done. I created the Women's Federation for World Peace in order to restore all that woman originally lost. You American women don't need a man in the position of grandfather, parents, husband, elder or younger brother. You only need the true Adam. The happiness of every country depends upon the character of its people, rather than the form of its government. Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. This place? Nothing positive. OK, I want to say something positive. It's positively a dump. I can always see what I've done wrong. I'm always learning. I'm the perennial student. We need a vibrant Medicaid program and strategies to expand affordable access to health care for all, especially for the specialty care services that community health centers do not provide. The consumer isn't a moron she is your wife. I once wanted to prove myself by being a great actress. Now I want to prove that I'm a person. Then maybe I'll be a great actress. I'm not in the business of becoming famous. And that's the advice I give to younger aspiring actors. Work onstage and do the little roles. In the end it's not important to be seen. It's important to do. There's a lot of disappointment in this business, but my family keeps me grounded. One lifetime is never enough to accomplish one's horticultural goals. If a garden is a site for the imagination, how can we be very far from the beginning? I have very little respect for Nancy Reagan. There is something about her that is very petty. Worry - a God, invisible but omnipotent. It steals the bloom from the cheek and lightness from the pulse it takes away the appetite, and turns the hair gray. With the NDAA, his failure to close Guantanamo Bay and the ramping use of drones, President Obama looks suspiciously like President Bush, a man on a quest for American Empire. We talked about politics constantly in my family growing up in North Carolina. There were always debates. Being of Greek background, it's in our blood to drink coffee and talk politics. I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband. The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with. My mom is still yelling at me because she needs more autographed pictures. And so, whether they came here on the Mayflower, on a slave ship, or on an airplane from Havana, we are all descendants of the men and women who built here the nation that saved the world. What has happened to the good old-fashioned travel agent? I want to go to a really posh travel agent and have them organise everything for me. I don't want to do things on the Internet. Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God. The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical. All love is lost but upon God alone. My folks have played everything from rock, disco, pop, funk, and blues. My dad has always brought and played different genres like jazz, classical, and Latin. With all this in my pocket, I feel I have a taste of everything for my influences. The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice. Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. I know in my own marriage I stayed in it to provide my son with what I thought was a stable background and to give him what I thought was the family life a child should have with two parents. But that isn't always the best way, and it took me taking my son to therapy after the divorce to really see it. Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom. The reality is that the special interest groups that have lobbied against Free Choice Vouchers object to any measure that would empower employees to have a say in their health benefits because it begins to erode their power in the current health care system. Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time. I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing. We tried not to age, but time had its rage. Unfortunately, there are so many people who live their whole life in a place that is safe and protected and simple and they don't really have that strength inside to fly. Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. I think if you just look at life in a positive way, positive things will happen. Life is a battle between faith and reason in which each feeds upon the other, drawing sustenance from it and destroying it. There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming. I'm part of the party, getting the crowd fired up, singing songs, pouring drinks, whatever it takes to get them to have a good time. When I walk into the meet-and-greet, someone's always going to have a story, a sad story or a happy story. But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. I just dragged myself through GCSE and A Levels, so it suited me very much to go on to drama school, which was very active. We've removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams. This is a matter of public health. The public was sick and tired of DeLay and his corruption. In life, you have people that love to party. That's me. People that love God. That's me. People that love sex. That's me. People that love people. That's me. And people that make mistakes.That's me also. In Washington, DC, politics dominate even the most casual conversations. A large part of acting is just pretending. You get to work with these other great make-believers, all making believe as hard as they can. But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine. On the other side, I do believe that the rhetoric we are seeing from the Democrats today is unprecedented, is a new low in presidential politics and goes beyond political discourse and amounts to political hate speech. And when they encounter works of art which show that using new media can lead to new experiences and to new consciousness, and expand our senses, our perception, our intelligence, our sensibility, then they will become interested in this music. Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism. All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride. Do what you fear most and you control fear. I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it. We must be willing to pay a price for freedom. It is not tolerable, it is not possible, that from so much death, so much sacrifice and ruin, so much heroism, a greater and better humanity shall not emerge. When I resigned, I put the U.S. Government on notice that I'm going to stick to policy issues, that I have no intention of going out and blowing the cover off of the intelligence operations, that those are truly sensitive and they should not be exposed. Today, diabetes is now epidemic, according to the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the American Diabetes Association and other national healthcare leaders. The first time probably people really were aware of me, I unfortunately had the title of Showtime's Funniest Person in America. And that's a really tough title to travel around with when you're not even known. Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day. I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts. Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it. If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years. I would make this war as severe as possible, and show no symptoms of tiring till the South begs for mercy. I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him. I was a senior in high school when I decided I wanted to work on ants as a career. I just fell in love with them, and have never regretted it. People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within. Well, until this very day, I'm still learning. Every man dies. Not every man really lives. The thing that most attracts me to historical fiction is taking the factual record as far as it is known, using that as scaffolding, and then letting imagination build the structure that fills in those things we can never find out for sure. I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. You have citizens who don't understand how government works and they're kind of soured on it. All they do is criticize. They have no idea that they can make things happen. I routinely never discuss my marriage. It's nice to have things in my life that are totally mine. I can't move back to England. My home is in France now. I'd love to but I can't. My family's all there now. How does one know if she has forgiven? You tend to feel sorrow over the circumstance instead of rage, you tend to feel sorry for the person rather than angry with him. You tend to have nothing left to say about it all. We only live once, but once is enough if we do it right. Live your life with class, dignity, and style so that an exclamation, rather than a question mark signifies it! A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad. As long as I do a good job, I believe the future is going to take care of itself, but actually I like very much being in elected office and there is no consideration about doing anything different until I can be assured that we are going to have the best voting systems in the country. As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress. The essence of a government health care system - for people who have never lived under it and don't know - is waiting, waiting, waiting. You wait for everything. You wait for years for operations that are routine in America. I do like change. That's the one thing exciting about me. Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work. My husband has quite simply been my strength and stay all these years, and I owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim. You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness. All my good movies, nobody sees. Teenagers today are more free to be themselves and to accept themselves. As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion. I was a total education geek. I loved school. I loved learning. I loved doing homework. All of my books and notebooks from high school are underlined and highlighted and there are notes all over the margins. And you know, I was a theater kid too. I was all over the place. There was my name up in lights. I said, 'God, somebody's made a mistake.' But there it was, in lights. And I sat there and said, 'Remember, you're not a star.' Yet there it was up in lights. We used to think that revolutions are the cause of change. Actually it is the other way around: change prepares the ground for revolution. Now people look at 'The Scream' or Van Gogh's 'Irises' or a Picasso and see its new content: money. Auction houses inherently equate capital with value. Only the change on the international scene, the crisis in the gulf, and the strong, firm position of the United States against aggression between two Arab countries created realities that led to the Madrid Peace Conference. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. Attending that Convention and talking with those people and many others convinced me that I should become a blogger in my efforts to reform the government and uphold the integrity of the Constitution and the laws made in furtherance thereof. From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change. It doesn't matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties. I actually think with age comes some level of wisdom. And once you get instantaneous communication with everybody, you have economic activity that's far more advanced, far more liquid, far more distributed than ever before. People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point. I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable. Scientific discovery and scientific knowledge have been achieved only by those who have gone in pursuit of it without any practical purpose whatsoever in view. It is much more difficult to measure nonperformance than performance. The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity. Thus, the poet's word is beginning to strike forcefully upon the hearts of all men, while absolute men of letters think that they alone live in the real world. There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly. Sometimes when you're trying to do a record too close to home, you can get really distracted. You know that big government doesn't hurt big corporations. They've got the best lawyers and accountants in the world. You know who gets destroyed by big government? It's the little guys. Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace. I've become a less brave traveller since I became a dad, but in the past I was more foolhardy than brave. A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar. What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. Dr. Einstein was not successful in school, but he found something in the air from his own imagination and his own brain power, and look what he did. I think in politics, in Congress, you often do things that are Republican, or you do things because you're a Democrat. Sometimes that's good, obviously, and sometimes that's obviously bad. But in the news business, there's no such thing as Republican or Democratic news. News is news. Kids are a huge sacrifice they change everything - but I'm ready to work for things of greater importance than going out to meet someone for dinner at 10 o'clock at night. Truth is exact correspondence with reality. Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design. History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people. I think Polanski's an amazing director. A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success. I feel so thankful that I'm able to be a part of something that I love to wake up and run to work every day. A task becomes a duty from the moment you suspect it to be an essential part of that integrity which alone entitles a man to assume responsibility. As I understand it, sport is hard work for which you do not get paid. I am sure it is one's duty as a teacher to try to show boys that no opinions, no tastes, no emotions are worth much unless they are one's own. I suffered acutely as a boy from the lack of being shown this. The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion. Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy. We have to be thankful considering our number as a family we enjoy very good health generally but you may be sure me and my partner have quite enough to exercise our minds and occupy our attention. What I liked about American movies when I was a kid was that they're sort of larger than life and I think I'm still suffering from that reaction. You see, that's another thing that my parents gave me: an enormously great sense of humor. I don't know of many evangelicals who want to deny gay couples their legal rights. However, most of us don't want to call it marriage, because we think that word has religious connotations, and we're not ready to see it used in ways that offend us. Though everything else may appear shallow and repulsive, even the smallest task in music is so absorbing, and carries us so far away from town, country, earth, and all worldly things, that it is truly a blessed gift of God. Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things. To make a rock'n'roll record, technology is the least important thing. In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time. Anthropologists are a connecting link between poets and scientists though their field-work among primitive peoples has often made them forget the language of science. Acting advice is a bit like your parents teaching you how to drive a car. You know they're right, but you still kind of want them to shut up a bit. It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions. There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it. Maybe a part of me recognized how right the improvising spirit of jazz is. Not the sounds, but the freedom to work with musicians who work that way. It felt very natural to me, but I think there's a way to do it without it being a jazz record. I don't feel, finally, that my politics are entirely determined by the fact that I'm a gay man. True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked. Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it. My dad was rubbish at all other aspects of his financial life, but he's pretty good at paying the rent. Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself. Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. Moreover, war has become a thing potentially so terrible and destructive that it should have been the common aim of statesmen to put an end to it forever. There's always an imbalance with actors and actresses in the industry. And I think because there are just fewer movies overall being made, it's that trickle down effect. The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset. The Christian religion, though scattered and abroad will in the end gather itself together at the foot of the cross. Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia. Seek not to know what must not be reveal, for joy only flows where fate is most concealed. A busy person would find their sorrows much more if future fortunes were known before! The one thing I like about 'Playboy' is they don't have the anorexic look. The women are voluptuous. So I didn't really want to diet. I just wanted to tone up. It is good to rub and polish our brain against that of others. I'd like to say I'm R&ampB's savior. Whether that's the truth or not, I'm definitely going out there with my mic and my shield to declare, 'I am here to save R&ampB.' I will have the people saying, 'Sir, there is a man at the musical gates saying he is here to save R&ampB.' First and foremost comes my family and my life with Brad. We have so much joy in raising our children and teaching them about the world that nothing really compares to that. Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery. A shady business never yields a sunny life. Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess. Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. I met Bill Clinton in 1977 while I was working as a news reporter for KARK-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas. Shortly after we met, we began a sexual relationship that lasted for twelve years. I don't own a car. Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education. There is a lot of learning I have to do and a lot of growing up I have to do. In a relationship when things are really great you don't need to say anything and just enjoy the other person. Sometimes with a couple, it gets dark and you don't know what to say and that silence can last all day. Other times you don't want to stop talking because you don't want to lose one another. I'm married to the theater but my mistress is the films. One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive. No matter who you are or what your position is you must keep fighting for whatever it is you desire to achieve. The People's Republic of China has not yet reached the military might of the Soviet Empire. It requires a little more time and a little more infusion of Western aid, loans, technology and the hard currency of our tourists. Yes, we were looking for a Faith spin-off, but then Faith backed down. Eliza got a really wonderful offer over on Fox in a show, and, for reasons I didn't talk to her about, she decided to go there, and everyone respects that. I think I meant that, given the circumstances of my childhood, I had the illusion that it's easier to be alone. To have your relationships be casual and also to pose as a solitary person, because it was more romantic. You know, I was raised on the idea of the ramblin' man and the loner. A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth. The point I am making is that in the more primitive forms of society the individual is merely a unit in more developed forms of society he is an independent personality. A woman's heart must be of such a size and no larger, else it must be pressed small, like Chinese feet her happiness is to be made as cakes are, by a fixed recipe. Fear is the denomination of the Old Testament belief is the denomination of the New. In order to have great happiness you have to have great pain and unhappiness - otherwise how would you know when you're happy? That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did. The wise man... if he would live at peace with others, he will bear and forbear. In the relationship between man and religion, the state is firmly committed to a position of neutrality. To attempt to superimpose its views through the exercise of force, is seldom the part of intelligence it is frequently the part of ignorance. Art is either plagiarism or revolution. Power is not alluring to pure minds. The architecture of a story can be a little bit different if it's a true story. This is truly a blessing. Breyon Prescott, Peter Edge and Tom Corson believe in me and have introduced me to a home that also believes and knows exactly what to do with the type of music I'm doing. Americans in particular are myopic. They're not traveling as much. When you were a college student, the next thing you would do on graduation was to take a year off and travel. That's what I did. I went to Indonesia. Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night. Fashion is more about feel than science. My father always taught by telling stories about his experiences. His lessons were about morality and art and what insects and birds and human beings had in common. He told me what it meant to be a man and to be a Black man. He taught me about love and responsibility, about beauty, and how to make gumbo. I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific. Obama does not represent America. Nor does he represent anything what our forefathers stood for. This country is basically built on an attitude. It's a way of life. It's not because you're born here. It's not that you're supposed to take from those who have and give to those who haven't. That kills a country. It killed Russia. My real fantasy if I was to drop out would be to live in a mobile home and be a hippie and drive around festivals and have millions of children - children with dreadlocks and nose rings - and play the flute. Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me. The true art of memory is the art of attention. Between falsehood and useless truth there is little difference. As gold which he cannot spend will make no man rich, so knowledge which cannot apply will make no man wise. The disembodied spirit is immortal there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns. If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do. Grief is the price we pay for love. But if you believe in Christ and that your main goal with your life is supposed to be to honor Him and do His will, then you don't have as much pressure as someone who bases all their happiness on whether they're a movie star. Being an actor in movies is a lot about the power of your imagination and making the circumstance real to you so the audience will feel that it's real. Marriage, at this point in my life? I'm not interested in it. Yet. Maybe later when I'm 35 or 40. It's my first presenting role so I'll be nervous, but it's going to be great fun. I can't wait to sample the food and meet the celebrities. Hopefully I can inject some of my own glamour. There's the issue of hunger, and there's an issue of if you're going to cut out food programs. We should be focusing on healthy food. Right now, fruits and vegetables are very expensive. So what can we do on the policy side to bring the cost of fruits and vegetables down? Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of choosing, you can take control of all aspects of your life. You can find the freedom that comes from being in charge of yourself. Although I do not have a family, I have eyes, ears and imagination, and know, as most people know, that the importance of one's children is paramount. The truth is cruel, but it can be loved, and it makes free those who have loved it. Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over. Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in. One tradition I have with my friends is that when one of us gets married, we have a ton of fragrance oils and pretty bottles at the bachelorette party. Everyone puts a drop or two in a bottle for the bride and makes a wish, and the bride wears our creation on her wedding day. Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education. Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming. Who is wise in love, love most, say least. In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance. I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances. Rhetoric is a poor substitute for action, and we have trusted only to rhetoric. If we are really to be a great nation, we must not merely talk we must act big. No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily. When men take pleasure in feeling their minds elevated with strong drink, and so indulge their appetite as to disorder their understandings, neglect their duty as members of a family or civil society, and cast off all regard to religion, their case is much to be pitied. I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time. A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself. Gay writers now have both a sense of history and the fables that allows them to dwell in the realms of the ridiculous and at the same time talk seriously about things. To rise from error to truth is rare and beautiful. I have my team. Like if you see everyone around me - I have my hair and makeup girl, my assistant. They're very calm, they're all about positive energy. There're no drama queens. Everyone wants everyone else to have a positive experience. There are no agendas. I think it creates a healthy environment and there are no boundaries to cross. I've got the greatest job in the world. There's no other job in government where cause and effect is so tightly coupled where you can make a difference every day in so many different ways and in so many different people's lives. It's a great challenge. Latin food suffers like Chinese. You can do marginal Chinese and be successful. You can do crappy Mexican and be packed. We can only move to a long-term resolution regarding terrorism and war by planting seeds of peace. We have to start with ourselves. I support allowing gay couples to marry because of - not in spite of - my values. And many of those values are the same ones deeply held by those who do not believe in gay marriage. Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time. Beauty is the lover's gift. In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things. Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness? Taking it in its wider and generic application, I understand faith to be the supplement of sense or, to change the phrase, all knowledge which comes not to us through our senses we gain by faith in others. For guys playing sports at a high level, for money, I can't put my finger on it, but in a man's world of sport, there is something visceral to beating another man. I was the Chair of the first department of medical physics in a medical school in the U.S. I'm gonna be making records anyway, even if I had to sell 'em out of the trunk of my car. I'm that kind of musician and singer. Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head. Trust yourself, then you will know how to live. To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge. I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race, you never give up. My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldn't walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors. Christmas is the day that holds all time together. I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marley's attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didn't go to play, he went to conquer. I think in life, the sense of humor and comedy always exists. Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water. In the age of the individual's liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew. By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. Success is a consequence and must not be a goal. None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear. As a proud Catholic, I know the impact that faith-based education can have in our society and have witnessed it first hand in my district. Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear. Today, computers help us making the music. It's really a tool. Perfection is the child of time. Women are not making it to the top. A hundred and ninety heads of state nine are women. Of all the people in parliament in the world, thirteen per cent are women. In the corporate sector, women at the top - C-level jobs, board seats - tops out at fifteen, sixteen per cent. Fresh air is good if you do not take too much of it most of the achievements and pleasures of life are in bad air. The most effective way to do it, is to do it. Strangers are exciting, their mystery never ends. But, there's nothing like looking at your own history in the faces of your friends. The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing. I kind of realize that I have a tendency to choose the kind of films I watched when I was a kid and would go home and pretend with my friends that we were in those movies after we saw them. There's definitely evidence that capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior. When you look at the worst corners of the American health insurance industry or the sub-prime banking market, it really feels like the more psychopathically someone behaves, the more it's rewarded. What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole, the keyhole of nature, trying to know what's going on. Directing has only increased my admiration and respect for what it is that actors do. And so, at the age of thirty, I had successively disgraced myself with three fine institutions, each of which had made me free of its full and rich resources, had trained me with skill and patience, and had shown me nothing but forbearance and charity when I failed in trust. I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men. As for the promotion of peace congresses we have had our meetings and assemblies, but the promotion through them of the determined and effective will to peace displaying itself in action and policy remains to be achieved. I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination. My parents are pretty cool people. Doubt grows with knowledge. Our democracy, our constitutional framework is really a kind of software for harnessing the creativity and political imagination for all of our people. The American democratic system was an early political version of Napster. I like poems that are little games. To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse. How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains! He that gives good advice, builds with one hand he that gives good counsel and example, builds with both but he that gives good admonition and bad example, builds with one hand and pulls down with the other. Happiness is no laughing matter. There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words. I think we need to ask serious questions about how we engage militarily, when we engage militarily, and on what basis we engage militarily. What kind of intelligence do we have to justify a military engagement? I'm inspired by history, different periods. The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find. Cynicism is humor in ill health. To the teacher weighed down with paperwork, I say: you've been messed around too often. You came into teaching to spend your time teaching children not filling in forms. I go to the gym five days a week and I have a personal trainer. I am on a strict diet, which is kind of hard to keep up with on the road, but I stick to it as well as I can. The opportunity, number one, to work with Ang Lee is an amazing thing for me. When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything. In my old age I've come to find that if you respect other people, you feel better about yourself. You see, that is it with music, you never stop learning. Roosevelt was the one who had the vision to change our policy from isolationism to world leadership. That was a terrific revolution. Our country's never been the same since. We are people with all the hopes, dreams, passions, and faults of everyone else. Eighty percent of us are born into families with no history of dwarfism. Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts. When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: 'Whose?' As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London. I don't remember any sibling rivalry growing up, because by the time I was really conscious, Tom was going away to college. My relationship with him, which is a very close one, really developed in more recent years. I don't think that there's been one example in history where somebody has openly talked about their personal life and it's done them any good. It's fantastic to strive towards a nice life where you eat nice organic food and your children go to a nice school and you can afford nice clothes and nice perfume and the hypoallergenic make-up. But there's never a day goes by, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, that I don't think about where I'm from. What I'd really like to write is a romantic comedy. This is my favorite kind of movie. I feel almost embarrassed revealing this, because the genre has been so degraded in the past twenty years that saying you like romantic comedies is essentially an admission of mild stupidity. Put your faith in God and confidence in yourself. I am a person whose father had no religion but who went to the nuns for a couple of years. And I think I'm the same: On one hand, I pray on the other hand, I don't believe. I am constantly between the two. I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be. The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy. Social media is great, I guess, but it feels like technology is the sapper of innocence. The most useless are those who never change through the years. I like England more than I did when I left. It's become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they don't give you a hard time. Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable. Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas. In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running. The religious idea of God cannot do full duty for the metaphysical infinity. My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control. I wanted to be an actress. In college I was a serious feminist and very political. I was determined to get one thing out of my career and that was respect. I didn't want money. I didn't care about fame. Democracy is an abuse of statistics. Irregularity and want of method are only supportable in men of great learning or genius, who are often too full to be exact, and therefore they choose to throw down their pearls in heaps before the reader, rather than be at the pains of stringing them. In life we shall find many men that are great, and some that are good, but very few men that are both great and good. My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own. You know, I start with the assumption that -or with, with the belief that this president has to succeed. We all have an enormous amount of capital invested in his success. His success is the country's success. The last person they expected to connect with a screenplay was the comedic, blonde actress with the funny voice. Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others. I was very famous as a young man and I celebrated both the good and bad times with drinking. No memory is ever alone it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations. My parents had a great marriage. Interestingly, it made it harder for me in relationships because I knew what a good relationship looked like. I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day. America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week. As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing. The 2010 global gender gap report by the World Economic Forum shows that countries with better gender equality have faster-growing, more competitive economies. I don't know what is better than the work that is given to the actor-to teach the human heart the knowledge of itself. President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next? The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it. I design some of my own clothes now. I will not leave a corner of my consciousness covered up, but saturate myself with the strange and extraordinary new conditions of this life, and it will all refine itself into poetry later on. Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay. There's always something to suggest that you'll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving. There are only three sins - causing pain, causing fear, and causing anguish. The rest is window dressing. And so to those who suggest that we are somehow 'harming' young women by encouraging them to take charge of their health we say this: We are not harming young women by educating them. We are arming them with information that they will carry with them throughout their lives. I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating. I would love to photograph Stephen Hawking. I am just fascinated by science, I really am. I think every individual has his or her own power, and it's a matter of working, taking time and defining what that power is. Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness. You know, a lot of those angry sort of Southern man characters that I've been doing are based on different people I might've had as, like, a soccer coach or as a teacher. The fact that we're going through a crisis is an opportunity for Europe to be more coordinated and more integrated. We're actually talking about a European Monetary Fund or euro bonds, about guarantees for countries, about economic governance in the European Union. That shows the strength of Europe. At every step the child should be allowed to meet the real experience of life the thorns should never be plucked from his roses. I used to have a theory actually that, if you've had a good childhood, a good marriage and a little bit of money in the bank, you're going to make a lousy comedian. All the best performers bring to their role something more, something different than what the author put on paper. That's what makes theatre live. That's why it persists. As individuals, people are inherently good. I have a somewhat more pessimistic view of people in groups. And I remain extremely concerned when I see what's happening in our country, which is in many ways the luckiest place in the world. We don't seem to be excited about making our country a better place for our kids. He surprised me by his familiarity with details of movements and battles which I did not suppose had come to his knowledge. As he kept me talking for over half an hour, I flattered myself that what I had to say interested him. When people are lame, they love to blame. Watergate enabled the Democrats to cut off all aid to South Vietnam and ensure American defeat in a war their party entered and had effectively lost, before Nixon salvaged a non-Communist South Vietnam while effecting a complete American withdrawal. I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change. People in their 70s can still have incredible lives. Health is the most important thing. Brands mature over time, like a marriage. The bond you feel with your spouse is different than when you first met each other. Excitement and discovery are replaced by comfort and depth. Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power. Lots of people say to me, 'I completely hate Busted'. That's completely cool with me. I understand why. You've got to stand up and do your own battles. My daddy taught me that a long time ago, that you fight your own battles. The only way to shut everybody up is to win. We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society. People living deeply have no fear of death. When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation. Lying has a kind of respect and reverence with it. We pay a person the compliment of acknowledging his superiority whenever we lie to him. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty. I came from a poor family, so working and going to school at the same time was natural. It taught me multi-tasking, although we didn't call it that back then. I learned I could never be idle, I need to be doing many things at once. All provisions of federal, state or local law requiring or permitting discrimination in public education must yield. Not that it entirely matters: There is a perception that all actors make their movies. A lot of people assume you're responsible. George Clooney told me actors get all of the blame and all the credit. I detest politics, to be honest with you. It's a cesspool. And I don't think I would fare well in that cesspool because I don't believe in political correctness and I certainly don't believe in dishonesty. What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain. Mr. Arthur Ashe, he was good. I read some of his books. He knew about everything, but he was real quiet and didn't talk much. I never met him. If you continually write and read yourself as a fiction, you can change what's crushing you. I don't think I can answer questions about the trust fund. We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves. They have involved co-operation between the Iraqi intelligence and al-Qaeda operatives on training and combined operations regarding bomb making and chemical and biological weapons. Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty power is ever stealing from the many to the few. If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world. In my work and in myself I reflect black people, women and men, as I reflect others. One day even the most self-protective ones will look into the mirror I provide and not be afraid. Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity. I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship. In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers. Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world. Jim Thorpe is someone I've always loved. He was an Olympic athlete, you know, and a football player from back in the day. I'd love to play him. And then there's a guy called Iceman who was a top hit man for the mob. I would love to play him. Actually, it's sort of in the works, so I hope it goes through. To err is human. To blame someone else is politics. Those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded. On sensitive issues, talk isn't cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut. Sports and politics don't mix. That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in. He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. Is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves? When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, 'I can't.' Every relationship I've been in, I've overwhelmed the girl. They just can't handle all the love. The trick of making movies in this culture is how to not give up everything that makes them worthwhile in order to get them made - and that's a tricky balance. Marriage is all about knowing the ins and outs and the intimate details, and your wife is supposed to be the person you know best. But my brother and I think alike, know everything about one another, and when we get together, we block everything else out. Nothing exists in our world except for us. He who laughs most, learns best. We have abolished the death penalty for humans, so why should it continue for animals? At the cross God wrapped his heart in flesh and blood and let it be nailed to the cross for our redemption. I don't really dissect comedy. Nothing kills off humor more than overanalyzing it. What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought. The thing that's changed the most has just been the rapid technology. Master of the universe but not of myself, I am the only rebel against my absolute power. If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor. Success is dependent on effort. The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school. Good thing we've still got politics in Texas - finest form of free entertainment ever invented. Business is a combination of war and sport. A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day and a succession of such days is fatal to human life. Most of me was glad when my mother died. She was a handful, but not in a cute, festive way. More in a life-threatening way, that had caused me a long time ago to give up all hope of ever feeling good about having had her as a mother. The world of science and the world of literature have much in common. Each is an international club, helping to tie mankind together across barriers of nationality, race and language. I have been doubly lucky, being accepted as a member of both. In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home. Tell me who is able to keep his bed chaste, or which goddess is able to live with one god alone? Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but, while their companions slept, they were toiling upward in the night. Ah, reality TV: where opportunists delight in exposing opportunism! It's kind of like the indie music scene. We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it. You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. I'm too old-fashioned to use a computer. I'm too old-fashioned to use a quill. All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine. From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery. Man, unlike anything organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments. I'm just learning who I am and how relationships work and how to make them function. No different from anyone else. You can't dodge them all. I got hammered plenty of times through the years. But you just get up and keep playing. I can tell you from experience, though. Sometimes it hurts like hell. Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out. I try not to tune in to politics until it's two or three months before the election. Till then, it's like watching preseason football. Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most. I don't do yoga. I bite the hella outta my nails. I smoke, I eat all the wrong food, I don't exercise. Success can create more madness than happiness. An actress is not a machine, but they treat you like a machine. A money machine. Switching over to a hybrid car is one of those right things, but, unfairly or not, it still has a reputation among car enthusiasts as something you have to pedal really fast when you're on the ramp merging into traffic on the 401. When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain. We've got fuel prices coming down and good travel numbers coming out, so it's not surprising airline stocks are going up. Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to. The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war. The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken. I'm not buddy-buddy with the players. If they need a buddy, let them buy a dog. It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them. People are giving me more respect. Iraq is just a symbol of the attitude of western democracies to the rest of the world. When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment. The first duty of love is to listen. President Obama has outsourced a major portion of the U.S. space program to the Russians. That's national policy. Taxpayer money. So let's stop playing games with this outsourcing distortion and talk about the fact that when we need is a president that knows how to manage big enterprise and create jobs. The other day I was reading a blog and I linked over to Streisand's Web site, and it was amazing politically. She's so insightful and incisive. And she also says whatever she wants. There is no such thing as failure. There are only results. My quest these days is to find my long lost inner child, but I'm afraid if I do, I'll end up with food in my hair and way too in love with the cats. Rightly defined philosophy is simply the love of wisdom. Our science has become terrible, our research dangerous, our findings deadly. We physicists have to make peace with reality. Reality is not as strong as we are. We will ruin reality. Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families. As regards parents, I should like to see them as highly educated as possible, and I do not restrict this remark to fathers alone. My body looks like 30 but my face looks like 50. But I cannot walk bare-chested in the streets. I like to do these movies to challenge myself physically. Some wisdom you must learn from one who's wise. Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present. Hitler was so modern, in that he was obsessed with being famous. He was caught up with this rush to be have achieved greatness before turning 30. Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art. It's sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. It's about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way. To see those babies with no food for three of four days, old people sitting in the hot sun, when you see these poor people, you cannot help but being compassionate or affected. I don't believe we are supposed to go through life defeated and not having enough money to pay our bills or send our kids to college. An ideal wife is one who remains faithful to you but tries to be just as charming as if she weren't. I just play the music that I love with musicians that I respect, and fortunately, I'm in a position where people are willing to play with me, and perhaps I can do something to help them. To finance this trade deficit, the U.S. has to borrow from the rest of the world or sell American assets like stocks, businesses, and real estate to the rest of the world. We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people. My assignment is what every writer's assignment is: tell the truth of his own time. Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods. I have the most respect for Zach Woodlee. He is one of my favorite - and one of the most capable - choreographers out there right now. If you look at any Muslim society and you make a scale of how developed they are, and how successful the economy is, it's a straight line. It depends on how much they emancipate their women. Some great men owe most of their greatness to the ability of detecting in those they destine for their tools the exact quality of strength that matters for their work. I always wanted to work at 'Take A Break' magazine, you know, just to inject a little bit of politics into their stories. I applied for a job there after I'd done my law degree and didn't even get an interview. I only wrote 'Garnethill' because I didn't get that job! Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders? True, permanent peace can never be restored, until slavery, the occasion of the war, has ceased. My incarceration was actually a positive thing from the beginning. I needed a gimmick to get my act going again, it gave me material. There's an entry point to any relationship. A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist. Death? Why this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! Death is the essential condition of life, not an evil. I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out. No memory is ever alone it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations. Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact. A faction willing to take the risks of making war on the ossified status quo in the Middle East can be described as many things, but not as conservative. Our culture's obsession with vintage objects has rendered us unable to separate history from nostalgia. People want heart. They want a chaser of emotion with their aesthetics. My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality. Furthermore, both Pennsylvania and New Jersey Departments of Environmental Protection have evaluated the sediment to be dredged and also found it to be not toxic. Happiness is the natural flower of duty. Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day. My parents are very funny when they have to deal with anything racy or off-color. They usually pretend they don't speak English. Happiness is the sublime moment when you get out of your corsets at night. Like baseball, food will never go out of style we will always need to eat and we will always find it entertaining. I think of food TV this way - all the fun and none of the calories. People aren't going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period. I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness. I do find comedy difficult. I don't know why. Maybe I think about it too much. There's a tremendous amount of pressure to be funny. Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately. I've always taken 'The Wizard of Oz' very seriously, you know. I believe in the idea of the rainbow. And I've spent my entire life trying to get over it. A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime. As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key! They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days. Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do. All in the Family was intellectual it was art. With science fiction I think we are preparing ourselves for contact with them, whoever they may be. Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them. There's never really been a real hood Christmas movie. You always fear when you're making a movie that has a moral to the story that people are going to reject the idea of being taught a lesson. For at the same time many people seem eager to extend the circle of our moral consideration to animals, in our factory farms and laboratories we are inflicting more suffering on more animals than at any time in history. Belief is the death of intelligence. My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother. A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom. I didn't really know what I wanted to do, and then I got this call from a casting director in Los Angeles. She remembered me from something years before, and she called my mom wanting me to audition for this thing. Manners are like the shadows of virtues, they are the momentary display of those qualities which our fellow creatures love and respect. What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures. You got to have a courageous president to stand up and says, listen, if - if you send a bill to me that spends more money than what we've coming in, I'll veto it. I mean, I'm going to try to work with you the best I can, but I'm going to veto it. If we examine our thoughts, we shall find them always occupied with the past and the future. Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore? I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange. The whole Haley-Nathan marriage deal was a pretty good twist huh? I hope we got all of you with it. That particular story line even suprised me when I read it, it's a good one and it'll provide for some good stories to come. Every time I decide I want a child I get another pet. I have 3 dogs, 13 birds and 3 horses, what does that tell you? Anyone can support a team that is winning - it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage. In politics, sometimes you have to lie, or you make a promise that you cannot keep. There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive. Only the elites despise earning money. Your chances of success are directly proportional to the degree of pleasure you desire from what you do. If you are in a job you hate, face the fact squarely and get out. The fact that books today are mostly a string of words makes it easier to forget the text. With the impact of the iPad and the future of the book being up for re-imagination, I wonder whether we'll rediscover the importance of making texts richer visually. Today I know that there is still work to be done, but along the way my I am achieving my dreams. The coolest part about seeing a girl wear something comfortable is the smile that you can just feel coming through from inside her. I don't believe we need the government's help as much as some think we do. That belief sets me apart from the Democrats, since their way of dealing with everything is to tax and spend. Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it. You're talking to someone who has been married to various people for the last 40 years of her life. Dating is not really something familiar. I've never really been a dater. Writing a book of poetry is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo. Fear is that thing that keeps you up there on that other plateau. Fear is that thing that just keeps you closed down, and quite frankly, alone. Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it. I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character... This happens to be a feature of my life generally. Excellent education and an excellent environment are two hallmarks of our state. How we treat our environment is connected to so many other opportunities in Maine. I don't like being recognised, I have no interest in being famous at all, I just do what I do. If I could be like Captain Kirk and beam myself up and then beam myself down, I would! All my good movies, nobody sees. I think jazz is a wonderful learning tool. I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war. Even under the best of circumstances, the road back from war is difficult. In terms of fear, I still am most afraid of Freddie Kruger. The beliefs concerning reincarnation have great ethical impact on human life and our relationship to the world. Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature. Dare to be honest and fear no labor. So, my style has hopefully changed over the years and it is more relaxed, and I do tend to smile and have more than one expression these days hopefully - which I didn't at the beginning. If you re-read your work, you can find on re-reading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by re-reading and editing. Never separate the life you live from the words you speak. How young can you die of old age? There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth. Leadership in telecommunications is also essential, since we are now in the age of e-commerce. Forget romantic fiction, a survey has found that most women would rather read a good book than go shopping, have sex, or sleep. Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness. We were aware of the fact that death walks hand in hand with struggle. Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving. And my first film was Carnal Knowledge, another amazing experience, largely because of Mike Nichols, who would tell me you can't do anything wrong because you're doing everything right. At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame. I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants. You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence. Motherhood: All love begins and ends there. I think I finally chose the graduate degree in engineering primarily because it only took one year and law school took three years, and I felt the pressure of being a little behind - although I was just 22. I loved to get all dusty and ride horses and plant potatoes and cotton. I only had a high school education and believe me, I had to cheat to get that. To die for one's country is such a worthy fate that all compete for so beautiful a death. The Word of fire burns today On the lips of our prophets in an evil age. If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide. The secret to humor is surprise. We have more media than ever and more technology in our lives. It's supposed to help us communicate, but it has the opposite effect of isolating us. If God dropped acid, would he see people? I think I am missing a gene that most people have to enable them to feel happiness about success and these kind of things. A test of a people is how it behaves toward the old. It is easy to love children. Even tyrants and dictators make a point of being fond of children. But the affection and care for the old, the incurable, the helpless are the true gold mines of a culture. Today, Academies of Science use their influence around the world in support of human rights. Run to meet the future or it's going to run you down. The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best. Love takes up where knowledge leaves off. Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people I'd abused. I'm always amazed when a pitcher becomes angry at a hitter for hitting a home run off him. When I strike out, I don't get angry at the pitcher, I get angry at myself. I would think that if a pitcher threw up a home run ball, he should be angry at himself. Anorexia, you starve yourself. Bulimia, you binge and purge. You eat huge amounts of food until you're sick and then you throw up. And anorexia, you just deny yourself. It's about control. We are least open to precise knowledge concerning the things we are most vehement about. I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing. Life is a wonderful thing to talk about, or to read about in history books - but it is terrible when one has to live it. Nothing else in the world... not all the armies... is so powerful as an idea whose time has come. I love doing serious movies for adults. As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less. Obviously I love 'The Godfather' movies. I think they're phenomenal. I try to contrast life today is full of contrast... We have to change. Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all. On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude. I always seem to have a vague feeling that he is a Satan among musicians, a fallen angel in the darkness who is perpetually seeking to fight his way back to happiness. Being over seventy is like being engaged in a war. All our friends are going or gone and we survive amongst the dead and the dying as on a battlefield. It was not possible to broadcast any of that because of an agreement between Jackson and the family. Our legal advice was that we could not broadcast it. The satirist shoots to kill while the humorist brings his prey back alive and eventually releases him again for another chance. We have arrived at that point of time in which we are forced to see our own humiliation, as a nation, and that a progression in this line cannot be a productive of happiness, private or public. Aside from sales, the letters from readers have been primarily positive. I'm not really involved with politics... I'm living in my cocoon with my classical music around. Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards. A world with a sudden limit on air travel would be tremendously different from the one we live in now. I believe that the profits will come from the quality of your creative products. Since the beginning, I've always wanted to develop a self-feeding circle of creative productions: the positive financial returns from one show would be used to develop and create a new show, and so on. A pregnant woman facing the most dire circumstances must be able to count on her doctor to do what is medically necessary to protect her from serious physical harm. Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell. All I was doing was trying to get home from work. Women are always most observed when they seem themselves least to observe, or to lay out for observation. I'm an immigrant kid who came to America from India when I was very young and grew up in New York City with a single mom and really was influenced by all of those immigrant cultures bumping up against each other. I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened. If you wish to make a man look noble, your best course is to kill him. What superiority he may have inherited from his race, what superiority nature may have personally gifted him with, comes out in death. The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough. Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees. If I'm in something funny, I like to try and find some kind of serious line in it that people can relate to. For no art and no religion is possible until we make allowances, until we manage to keep quiet the enfant terrible of logic that plays havoc with the other faculties. Packing is my pet hate. Remember we're all in this alone. People here in Los Angeles are disgusted now about a sex scandal involving Arnold Schwarzenegger. Apparently for seven years, he carried on a sexual relationship with his own wife. The desire of gold is not for gold. It is for the means of freedom and benefit. I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands. I look more to the future. That's where my head is at. In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved. I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer. To me, my biggest fear is getting a big head, and that is when I get the hammer. Because it's very easy in this game to believe you're something special. It is my personality alone that has brought back the waltz and made it a global craze. My wife and I, unlike many intellectuals, spent five years working on assembly lines. We came to fully understand the criticisms of the industrial age, in which you are an appendage of a machine that sets the pace. My dad was a journalist. He was in Rwanda right after the genocide. In Berlin when the wall came down. He was always disappearing and coming back with amazing stories. So telling stories for a living made sense to me. Movies are movies: they take you back in time, and how it still is for some. The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow. Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from serious, long-term, physical and mental health problems, due to their service. It is unconscionable to cut the already limited health care benefits available to these brave men and women. Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now. I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it. Whether you're a musician, a writer, an athlete or a businessman, there is no getting around it. If you do, you'll win - if you don't, you won't. I don't want someone to watch sports in bed. That drives me nuts. One of the things I like enormously about Bob Weinstein is that that he's the only studio head I have ever known who will change his mind and say he was wrong. While that amendment failed, human cloning continues to advance and the breakthrough in this unethical and morally questionable science is around the corner. There is no such whetstone, to sharpen a good wit and encourage a will to learning, as is praise. In science, a healthy skepticism is a professional necessity, whereas in religion, having belief without evidence is regarded as a virtue. At a time when 2500 American soldiers have given their lives for the cause of bringing democracy to Iraq, it is sad and frustrating to watch the Republican establishment disgrace the exercise of democracy in our own House of Representatives. You don't need an explanation for everything, Recognize that there are such things as miracles - events for which there are no ready explanations. Later knowledge may explain those events quite easily. Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven. I always felt like my future was at stake every time I stepped on stage and that was kind of hair-raising. At some point I just went, don't be frightened, you can't do anything wrong, it's your show. There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another. It's painful for me to watch someone who isn't funny. It's horrifying to sit in the back and watch some guy who just totally sucks. You should see what our Founding Fathers used to say to each other and in the early part of our nation. But what they were able to do, especially in Philadelphia in 1787, four months, they argued about what a House should be, what a Senate should be, the power of the president, the Congress, the Supreme Court. And they had to deal with slavery. Had anyone told me that I was going to have a career in business, I would have said, 'No way.' The rewards of virtue alone abide secure. My mom was such a strong character. I don't want to say she was like a man, but she was tough. But steel bars have never yet kept out a mob it takes something a good deal stronger: human courage backed up by the consciousness of being right. Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional. The songs keep on writing themselves, and I really love them. It's as close as I get to a religion. What is called a sincere work is one that is endowed with enough strength to give reality to an illusion. A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again. But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether. Who can map out the various forces at play in one soul? Man is a great depth, O Lord. The hairs of his head are easier by far to count than his feeling, the movements of his heart. Discretion is nothing other than the sense of justice with respect to the sphere of the intimate contents of life. There's the Hollywood sign there's Griffith Observatory there's the great, amazing Los Angeles Basin. It's 465 square miles of insanity and the best food on the planet. Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise. The truth is, hardly any of us have ethical energy enough for more than one really inflexible point of honor. The subject of Finnish poetry ought to have a special interest for the Japanese student, if only for the reason that Finnish poetry comes more closely in many respects to Japanese poetry than any other form of Western poetry. At least the fundamentalists haven't tried to dilute their message. Their faith is exposed for what it is for all to see. If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money. Comrade Deng Xiaoping - along with other party elders - gave the party leadership their firm and full support to put down the political disturbance using forceful measures. Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true. I love doing them and hopefully always will do them. It is a common saying, and in everybody's mouth, that life is but a sojourn. The social object of skilled investment should be to defeat the dark forces of time and ignorance which envelope our future. Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. I have some very personal feelings about politics, but I don't get into it because I do comedy already. All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society. I've done everything I wanted to do, even if I have had to pay a very high price - which has been the case most of the time. If you have autism in the family history, you still vaccinate. Delay it a bit, space them out. Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness. All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it. The one thing we can all be sure about in politics is you are as well to expect the unexpected. People with fertility problems are not alone. It is a very very common problem for couples today. I've seen statistics that are just staggering. I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies. One is never fortunate or as unfortunate as one imagines. The great and abiding lesson of American history, particularly the cold war, is that the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective. The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit. Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it. Is it right to probe so deeply into Nature's secrets? The question must here be raised whether it will benefit mankind, or whether the knowledge will be harmful. If the individual is to be happy in the contemporary order, he must be open-minded with respect to new values and new arrangements. I want a pit crew... I hate the procedure I currently have to go through when I have car problems. Latin men are the most passionate men in the world - they may not be the most aggressive, but they are very passionate, very romantic. Everything is blooming most recklessly if it were voices instead of colors, there would be an unbelievable shrieking into the heart of the night. When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything. One definition of eternity is that we are not alone on this planet, that there are those who've gone before and those who will come, and that there is a community of spirits. Dissent is the highest form of patriotism. I think it's easy for people to assume that fame is equal to glory, but it can be a very isolating experience. Why would you be afraid of death? It would be an inconvenience. I have a lot of undone things and it's bound to get in the way. But, no, it doesn't scare me at all. Education makes us more stupid than the brutes. A thousand voices call to us on every hand, but our ears are stopped with wisdom. The idea that the rest of the world was somehow being held hostage by the Arab-Israeli conflict once had a minimal basis in reality. In the first 20 years of Israel's existence, every Arab country was in an active state of war with the Jewish state. The strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone. My parents have a wonderful marriage, for many years. But I can't commit myself for such a long time. There's a lot of strength in the U.S., but there's a lot of froth also. The froth will blow off. We're going to have to face up to some realities that we're not fully facing up to right now. Well, the whole story is in the book, but the short answer is that I was the first information architect in an organization that was traditionally design-oriented, and I felt I needed a tool to help me gain the trust and support of my colleagues. Stylized acting and direction is to realistic acting and direction as poetry is to prose. You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism. I've bought pretty much every book ever written about the Alamo, and I talk to my friends that I've made over the past 15, 20 years. It's just a constant learning and fascinating thing for me. Power and violence are opposites where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent. Violence appears where power is in jeopardy, but left to its own course it ends in power's disappearance. Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one. I feel there are two people inside me - me and my intuition. If I go against her, she'll screw me every time, and if I follow her, we get along quite nicely. Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics. Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them. The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there. I think, if you put a camera in anyone's life and document it daily from the age of 21 to 27, there are going to be things that aren't always pretty. The West has been able to bring Afghanistan a much better health service, better education, better roads, a better economy, though some have benefited more some have benefited less from that economic well-being in Afghanistan. Many who have had an opportunity of knowing any more about mathematics confuse it with arithmetic, and consider it an arid science. In reality, however, it is a science which requires a great amount of imagination. Anyone who seeks to be involved in politics should join hands with America. I think if I could be any superhero, it'd probably be my mom... but I don't think I'd look too good in high heels, so it's not gonna happen. You can be self-empowered and still learning about how you think about things daily. Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age. As a teacher, as a propagandist, Mr. Shaw is no good at all, even in his own generation. But as a personality, he is immortal. I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. It's like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out. My Daddy liked physical fitness and wanted me to be a prizefighter. The attention of a traveller, should be particularly turned, in the first place, to the various works of Nature, to mark the distinctions of the climates he may explore, and to offer such useful observations on the different productions as may occur. Secretly, I'm a real big nerd. I'd rather stay home and play Scrabble than go to a Hollywood party, any day of the week. And I love reading about history and watching the Discovery Channel. It is for each of us freely to choose whom we shall serve, and find in that obedience our freedom. I grew up with no money. My kids will grow up with a lot of money and so it's really important to me, and it will always be a part of my parenting, to keep them conscientious and connected socially to other people. A writer of fiction lives in fear. Each new day demands new ideas and he can never be sure whether he is going to come up with them or not. My parents were both in show business. My father was an actor, my mom an actress, and both singers, dancers and actors. They met in Los Angeles doing a play together and so I grew up in a show biz family. The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are. The worst times can be the best if you think with positive energy. My dad was a particularly polite kind of guy, very courteous. Suspense is very important. Even though this is humor and they're short stories, that theory of building suspense is still there. Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul. Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Without imagination we can go nowhere. And imagination is not restricted to the arts. Every scientist I have met who has been a success has had to imagine. God will forgive me. It's his job. The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man. It's been very hard, after being mostly a mom, to develop an adult life of my own. And not being married anymore, I have to come up with challenges. A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences. Thanksgiving is a season that is very much in accord with the themes and teachings of Jesus Christ. Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood. There's a bond among a kitchen staff, I think. You spend more time with your chef in the kitchen than you do with your own family. When I was at college, I worked in a department store called Brit Home Stores, which is a pretty lackluster department store, selling clothes for middle-aged women. My job was to walk the floor and find anything that was damaged, take it to the store room and log it. Boredom is... a vital problem for the moralist, since half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it. I don't know how to construct a career that'll make me famous. Except maybe get my ears pinned back, get my teeth done, and go to America. But then I'll be competing with billions of actors who haven't got false teeth, and who are 25. Sport fosters many things that are good teamwork and leadership. I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed. There is no meaning to life except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers. You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher our future depends on the quality of education of our children today. A lot of guys have muscles. A lot of strong men in this world. I think it's important to show that even under all this strength there's a fragile side, a side that can be affected. I begin to feel like most Americans don't understand the First Amendment, don't understand the idea of freedom of speech, and don't understand that it's the responsibility of the citizen to speak out. Success and the art of making music are two different things for me. It's funny, though, speaking of fathers and sons, because me and John Goodman played father and son, like, five or six years ago in the film 'Death Sentence,' and I got back with him again in 'Inside Llewyn Davis.' The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool. Through all the relationship stuff I've gone through in the past few years, I know there are fundamental differences in how men and women view sex and how they view their futures. I come from a different era and I design clothes for our era. I think of people I want to dress when I design. We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasn't good enough. My visor got fogged. Our family life was certainly not intellectual. My parents always made education and school the number one priority. They believed that an education is the best gift you can give to your child. Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that. We clearly realize that freedom's inner kingdom cannot be touched by exterior attacks. To me, food is as much about the moment, the occasion, the location and the company as it is about the taste. Though everything else may appear shallow and repulsive, even the smallest task in music is so absorbing, and carries us so far away from town, country, earth, and all worldly things, that it is truly a blessed gift of God. The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic. A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire. The real trouble with war (modern war) is that it gives no one a chance to kill the right people. To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick. I think having a child can really change you if you're open to it. John Currin's exaggerated realism and his twisted women kept me off balance, never knowing if they were sincere or ironic or some new emotion. I have always made my own rules, in poetry as in life - though I have tried of late to cooperate more with my family. I do, however, believe that without order or pattern poetry is useless. Happiness isn't happiness unless there's a violin-playing goat. Each particular society begins to feel its strength, whence arises a state of war between different nations. What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying. I can't see what's wrong about assuming intelligence in your audience and what's bad news about being rewarded for assuming that. Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work. In the beginning when I sat next to Tom Brokaw on the 'Today' show, the stories I was interested in were those having to do with women and children and learning and health. In those days, 25 to 30 years ago, that was called soft news, and not in a nice way. I work with the Humane Society a lot and have three rescue cats. I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.' We are all in this together. We want to have, I suppose, a single point of entry so that anyone coming near a disability service can get a very complete picture. Government needs to understand that picture, and we need to be able to offer somebody a one-stop shop. Where there is the necessary technical skill to move mountains, there is no need for the faith that moves mountains. First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others. I didn't want to be on the losing side. I was fed up with Jewish weakness, timidity and fear. I didn't want any more Jewish sentimentality and Jewish suffering. I was sickened by our sad songs. The difference between the men and the boys in politics is, and always has been, that the boys want to be something, while the men want to do something. Politics is not really my thing. If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them. I put the copy of 'A Christmas Carol' that my grandfather had first read to me 60 years ago on my desk, and I began to write. The result, for better or for worse, is the 'Christmas Spirits.' I plan to read it to my grandson. We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse. No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting. I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning. I don't think there's any independent cartoonist whose stuff I don't like or respect in at least some way or another. We're all marginal laborers - we're practically medical oddities - so I don't see why we can't all be nice to each other. Out of chaos God made a world, and out of high passions comes a people. When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead. If the events of September 11, 2001, have proven anything, it's that the terrorists can attack us, but they can't take away what makes us American - our freedom, our liberty, our civil rights. No, only Attorney General John Ashcroft can do that. Live life to the fullest, for the future is scarce. But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated. I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde. Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. There's a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside. The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts. Each season I find myself constantly inspired by 'The Biggest Loser' contestants. Their tenacity and willingness to learn new, healthy habits is tremendous and the results speak for themselves. I am honored to be part of such an inspiring program that helps inspire positive change in so many lives. My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on. It's just us trying to start a movement where everybody passes on a bit of cooking knowledge. We estimate that one person can potentially affect 180 others very quickly so we're just trying to spread the word. In this connection, faith and experience teach us many truths by means of the short-cut of authority and by the proofs of very pleasant and agreeable feelings. Like it or not, in the end, it's one's body. It's literally what carries you through life. There's a reason for the saying, 'If you have your health, you have everything,' and it's true. Old age, disease - these are the great equalizers. Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership. All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks. There is still the feeling that women's writing is a lesser class of writing, that what goes on in the nursery or the bedroom is not as important as what goes on in the battlefield, that what women know about is a less category of knowledge. Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God. I've always taken 'The Wizard of Oz' very seriously, you know. I believe in the idea of the rainbow. And I've spent my entire life trying to get over it. I want to make my music and be a happy woman, a good wife, a good mom and one day hopefully have a child of my own. My college, Fitzwilliam, was pretty good but unfashionable and I lived in digs so I was not part of the cloistered 'old college' environment, which frankly was a bit intimidating. But I worked hard and settled in by exploring politics and girls. I think, my generation, it's hard to have hope when you got a $700-trillion derivatives debt to pay and a bubble about to explode and $500 trillion worth of GDP. There's a lot of research behind the scenes that you don't get to see, but I have an instinct that my dad nurtured from when I was born. I was very lucky then. Philosophers have not kept up with modern developments in science. Particularly physics. Happiness isn't getting what you want, it's wanting what you got. It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere. I would like it to be a legal requirement for all businesses to be linked to a charity. I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter. Art has two constant, two unending concerns: It always meditates on death and thus always creates life. All great, genuine art resembles and continues the Revelation of St John. And I don't believe that children are innocent. In fact, no one seriously believes that. Just go to a playground and watch the kids playing in the sandbox! The romantic notion of the sweet child is simply the parents projecting their own wishes. I've never dreamed of being famous. The idea of it really scares me. God created the world the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there. On the surface, rock and roll changes at an amazing pace. The influence of a figure like the Maharishi can appear and disappear in a matter of months. Talk about old fashioned rock and roll finds itself dead before it begins. When you have lost people like I lost my birth mom at a young age and you remember the whole process of losing her, you want to grab on to something that makes you whole. The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent. Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used. I think sportsmanship is knowing that it is a game, that we are only as a good as our opponents, and whether you win or lose, to always give 100 percent. Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass. Take all that is given whether wealth, love or language, nothing comes by mistake and with good digestion all can be turned to health. It's upsetting to be a man in our society. You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving. One of the reasons why people - particularly young people - love action movies is because what they are really looking for is justice. Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy. Depression can seem worse than terminal cancer, because most cancer patients feel loved and they have hope and self-esteem. It's not the having, it's the getting. I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now. No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches. In the main it will be found that a power over a man's support (salary) is a power over his will. After that he turned to the question of invading England. Hitler said that during the previous year he could not afford to risk a possible failure apart from that, he had not wished to provoke the British, as he hoped to arrange peace talks. From reading a previous answer, you know that I consider all those aspects to be part of American cultural myth and thus they figure into good American poetry, whether the poet is aware of what he is doing or not. Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is. I hate the idea that you shouldn't wear something just because you're a certain age. I'm a very simple person. I don't use computers. What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else. Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Age steals away all things, even the mind. I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power. Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Technology should be an important ingredient. It may be and should be a tool for social development. It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine. I spent many a summer early morning with the radio very low, half sleeping and half listening. A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication. I hardly remember how I started to write poetry. It's hard to imagine what I thought poetry could do. If an animal does something, we call it instinct if we do the same thing for the same reason, we call it intelligence. You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real. I don't know really. I've always been interested in the small picture instead of the big one, and I've always been interested in relationship pictures. So I just had to step up how I was doing it and the moment that I stepped up and the moment I focused all my energy on that is when things started to happen. So there's a direct relationship between my inspiration and my output. I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship. Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day. You're always tellin' me to go out more, Go ahead, get out and see the world, But then I think, why should I? I'd rather stay home and cry. When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time. When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan. When you analyze happiness, it turns out that the way you spend your time is extremely important. One positive command he gave us: You shall love and honor your emperor. In every congregation a prayer must be said for the czar's health, or the chief of police would close the synagogue. Princes and governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society. Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition. This war is not about slavery. The clouds may drop down titles and estates, and wealth may seek us, but wisdom must be sought. So Indian policy has become institutionalized and the result has been that American people have become more dependent on government and that the American people have become more dependent on corporations. Knowledge is two-fold, and consists not only in an affirmation of what is true, but in the negation of that which is false. It is always self-defeating to pretend to a generation younger than your own it simply erases your own experience in history. If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful. I think my parents were happy that I'd gone to university and gotten a degree in history so they thought, 'Well if acting doesn't work for him, he can always become a history teacher or something.' Fortunately, the acting worked out. I love to read. I love to stretch. In the morning, I get up, and if I'm not in a hurry, I will lie on the floor on a rug, look through some books and magazines, and maybe listen to music and try to do stretching exercises to tune up. Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted and pure love without power is destroyed. My memory of my mom is a wine glass in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She was a runway fashion model, and she was quite a glamorous woman. Who is wise in love, love most, say least. The London games mark the 24th anniversary of my winning two golds and setting the world record in the heptathlon. Someone is going to want it records are made to be broken - it's only a matter of time. I hope mine will outlive me. Every time I decide I want a child I get another pet. I have 3 dogs, 13 birds and 3 horses, what does that tell you? I have learned the art of filling in your lines with your visuals and your movies and your imagination. Go to the grocery store and buy better things. Buy quality, buy organic, buy natural, go to the farmers market. Immediately that's going to increase the quality of the food you make. I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament. An expectation is a future object, recognised as belonging to me. The history of saints is mainly the history of insane people. After the United States entered the war, I joined the Naval Reserve and spent ninety days in a Columbia University dormitory learning to be a naval officer. Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. Happiness is inward, and not outward and so, it does not depend on what we have, but on what we are. I have found it easier to identify with the characters who verge upon hysteria, who were frightened of life, who were desperate to reach out to another person. But these seemingly fragile people are the strong people really. And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm. Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God trust also in me. I have a family and two cats I get up with my kids early in the morning. In our dreams we are always young. There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But it's low on my list. The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud. In fact, because of this deep desire for peace, the ruling class leaders of this land, from 1945 on, stepped up the hysteria and propaganda to drive into American minds the false notion that danger threatened them from the East. If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it. Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort. Ever notice that Soup for One is eight aisles away from Party Mix? My best investment is my imagination, because it has never failed to bring me my greatest returns! I never expected in a million years that I would have the honor to become an advocate of women's health care and education, and I'd dive on a live grenade to get this message out, so thank you for this forum. The attack on ObamaCare was that Congress does not have the power under the Commerce Clause to force a private citizen into a private contractual relationship. If such a thing is permitted to stand, the anti-ObamaCare forces argue, there will be no limit to Congress's power in the future. If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him. About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog. A good government implies two things first, fidelity to the objects of the government secondly, a knowledge of the means, by which those objects can be best attained. I live in constant fear of being fired or dropped for that dark part of my work I can't control. War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle. Tell the trial lawyers to get out of your state and to quit costing businessmen and women. Home is the most popular, and will be the most enduring of all earthly establishments. I respect people who feel things passionately. I do. But when someone is a judge, that is not what they should bring to the bench. It is not really passion, except in rare instances, that serves the bench well. It is, rather, an ability to understand the law and follow it. I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir, and I remember loving it. Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted. We were making new ones the second year. We were in syndication the second year. So we were on Saturday nights, prime time, every morning, and then they put it on Sunday evenings too. So it was all over the place. I don't have a long family history of good cooks in my family. Once my mom passed away, I have nobody to answer to. It's great. I stand ready to lead us down a different path where we're lifted up by our desire to succeed, not dragged down by a resentment of success. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself. I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport. I grew up in Marcy Projects in Brooklyn, and my mom and pop had an extensive record collection, so Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and all of those sounds and souls of Motown filled the house. The production of children, the nurture of those born, and the daily life of men, of these matters woman is visibly the cause. We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. For me, life has either been a wake or a wedding. I don't have a fear of flying I have a fear of crashing. I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions. Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast. And from the first time I picked up a basketball at age eight - I had a lot of difficulty when I first picked up a basketball, because I was a scrub - there were things that I liked about it. Well, the fact is that one imagination is critically important, and if you have had your imagination stimulated by what is basically a variety of subjects, you are much more amenable to accepting, to understanding and interacting with the realities of the world. I am never at my best in the early morning, especially a cold morning in the Yorkshire spring with a piercing March wind sweeping down from the fells, finding its way inside my clothing, nipping at my nose and ears. The goal for many amputees is no longer to reach a 'natural' level of ability but to exceed it, using whatever cutting-edge technology is available. As this new generation sees it, our tools are evolving faster than the human body, so why obey the limits of mere nature? The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord. With any group of people in life, sad things happen, and crazy things, and happy things. When you're in the public eye, it's just amplified, that's all. You may delay, but time will not. Happiness is your own treasure because it lies within you. The transatlantic relationship is vital for both our countries: France will remain a reliable ally of the United States. Nevertheless, ally does not mean aligned. Nature is an infinite sphere of which the center is everywhere and the circumference nowhere. Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other. It is not only the living who are killed in war. Where there is little or no public opinion, there is likely to be bad government, which sooner or later becomes autocratic government. In 1963 and later papers, I pointed out that the special market characteristics of medical care and medical insurance could be explained by reference to differences in information among the parties involved. When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over. I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing. Habaneros have a great fruity flavor, but the challenge is that you have to deflect the heat in order to taste the flavor. If you don't, you're dead. They should really have a warning sign on them. Deflect the habanero's heat by pairing it with sweet food. Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher. I began to understand my sensations, to know what I wanted, at around the age of forty - but only vaguely. In my imagination yes, I remember, when I was six years old, I was conducting all this concert in my house. But now it's real. Money is the best rule of commerce. All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography. We're very open and outspoken about our faith and our beliefs. We also talk about our doubts, our moments of insecurities. We talk about it all day, how we're inspired by God. We recognize little miracles every day, and that's how we're raising our daughter. Terms like that, 'Humane Society,' are devised with people like me in mind, who don't care to dwell on what happens to the innocent. Imagine it's 1981. You're an artist, in love with art, smitten with art history. You're also a woman, with almost no mentors to look to art history just isn't that into you. Any woman approaching art history in the early eighties was attempting to enter an almost foreign country, a restricted and exclusionary domain that spoke a private language. The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. That image of the countryside being a threatening place still exists. People continue to resist the challenge of learning about aspects of life they don't understand. When hospitality becomes an art it loses its very soul. Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies history has no place for them. What do I care about the purring of one who cannot love, like the cat? The inspired Scriptures make the clear distinction between false and true riches and make plain the reason why happiness is gained and fully enjoyed only by those who find true riches. We are what our thoughts have made us so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live they travel far. I'm not sure what I want to do when I grow up, or if I'm sure I ever want to grow up. I'm sure there are people that wish I would, but you know, my mom will get over it. I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married. Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together. Not only the priceless heritage of our fathers, of our seamen, of our Empire builders is being thrown away in a war that serves no British interests - but our alliance leader Stalin dreams of nothing but the destruction of that heritage of our fathers? The more anxious, isolated and time-deprived we are, the more likely we are to turn to paid personal services. To finance these extra services, we work longer hours. This leaves less time to spend with family, friends and neighbors we become less likely to call on them for help, and they on us. I've been in elementary education for years and my belief is that Christmas pageants in schools are little more than conditioning kids for the Christian religion. Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature. Tranquilizers work only if you follow the advice on the bottle - keep away from children. I try to keep it light and positive most of the time, whereas earlier on I didn't always do that. I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional. If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful. First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life. Becoming a dad means you have to be a role model for your son and be someone he can look up to. I think any branding for me is band-related. It's really weird to get used to the exposure, because I am a naturally introverted person, and I'm not exactly social. Occasionally I can get comfortable enough to talk, but I spend a lot of my days not talking, especially when I'm at home and not on tour. Japanese architecture is very much copied in this country and in Europe. I've brought my daughters all over the world-they travel with me. I drag them out of school just to keep the relationship. When I'm home I'm a big-time daddy. Let's face it, in America today we don't have a health care system, we have a sick care system. No, my work does not reflect my sexual preferences, it reflects the fact that I feel total freedom as an artist. I'm on a search for my future ex-wife. Children are the anchors of a mother's life. I love the excess of Christmas. The shopping season that begins in September, the bad pop star recordings of Christmas carols, the decorations that don't know when to come down. Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on. Delay always breeds danger and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. We're not trying to change the world just music. The exact measure of the progress of civilization is the degree in which the intelligence of the common mind has prevailed over wealth and brute force. For a while I felt very alone sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States. The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose. I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession. I didn't miss training because it had become so painful for me. I filled the void pretty quickly as I went straight into coaching and it was great I had to start learning all over again, and then when I went into TV I knew nothing about it so I had to start from the very beginning. Humor is very very risky, particularly for a candidate, unless he's been in so long that it just doesn't matter, and he's not running for president. But it's just that people are so sensitive and so touchy, and you're just going to upset somebody without ever realizing it. If you want plenty of experience in dealing with difficult people, then have kids. It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil. I get to hang out with people I think are awesome, and do work I think is awesome. It's really cool. Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice. I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing. In the '50s, a lot of girls never saw beyond the wedding day. If I could set a world record, it would be that I have 150 business partners, all with thriving businesses of their own that started with nothing and I made the difference to make them all billionaires. I never got into politics for it to be a career. I think having a vision can make someone an influential man. I'm not talking about acting or anything like that, I'm talking about people I admire, whether it's a writer or a musician or a sports figure or a politician, whatever. Like all my family and class, I considered it a sign of weakness to show affection to have been caught kissing my mother would have been a disgrace, and to have shown affection for my father would have been a disaster. It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger. Sometimes when I'm going to sleep, I think, 'Oh God, my future husband is out there somewhere and I might know him, or I might not, and I wonder what he's doing and I wonder if he knows me.' I just always think that's so fascinating, that even when you were two years old, your future husband was out there somewhere. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich. I like children - fried. It's definitely true that there are a lot of the devices we used on 'Star Trek,' that came out the imagination of the writers, and the creators that are actually in the world today. There are so many things to think about when you make an album. Like, who am I trying to impress? Am I going to get respect, critical acclaim? Or am I going to sell lots of records? I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government. Weather means more when you have a garden. There's nothing like listening to a shower and thinking how it is soaking in around your green beans. The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once. Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand. When state and religion are one, religion becomes a means for the powerful to remain in power. Americans accept that gangsters are running the government. I am involved in Greenpeace. And I just recently completely switched my diet over to near-veganism. So you try to do little things that you can. I recycle every single day. Every single thing in my house that can be recycled is. I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty. Permanent superiority has never been realized by any nation in history. After the rise comes the fall. If we were to select the most intelligent, imaginative, energetic, and emotionally stable third of mankind, all races would be present. I try to be known more for my work than for anything else. Please write music like Wagner, only louder. No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent. If your religion doesn't teach you the difference between good and evil, your religion is worse than useless. I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really. Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions. I think it's child abuse to have someone in the public eye too young. Society basically values wealth and fame and power at the cost of well-being. In the case of a child, it's at the cost of someone's natural development. It's already hard enough to develop. The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain. You were not in control You had no visibility: maybe there was a car in front of you, maybe not. They always win who side with God. My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to. Don't be afraid to fail. Don't waste energy trying to cover up failure. Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge. It's OK to fail. If you're not failing, you're not growing. A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life. If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace. And it is very sexy as well: somebody says I'm taking you on a surprise date, you don't know where you are going and you can't see and then you put your hand out and there is a tiger. Amazing. Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. For me, first, it's finding quiet in my life - and I do that through yoga and meditation. It's also been a matter of changing the way I eat, because I think what we eat can inform who we are food is a chemical and a drug to a certain extent. Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong. When I was a little girl, rocking my little dolls, I remember thinking I would be the world's best mom, and so far I've done it. I've met the most interesting people while flying or on a boat. These methods of travel seem to attract the kind of people I want to be with. But one way or another, judges perform a very vital function in our society. They have a risky job and they are entitled to security. I think he would have been proud and smiling... when we laid him to rest because his family was together. I think that was a great gift to be able to give Dad at the end. By going over your day in imagination before you begin it, you can begin acting successfully at any moment. I have never once regretted missing a business opportunity so that I could be with my children and grandchildren. Politics is the diversion of trivial men who, when they succeed at it, become important in the eyes of more trivial men. I was writing short films and I was going through this really, really, really terrible end of a relationship that I didn't want to be going through. It was too much for me to process and all of a sudden I had this idea for my first feature film and I knew right away I had to start writing it. We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids. It is hard to see Judge Roberts as a judicial activist who would place ideological purity or a particular agenda above or ahead the need for thoughtful legal reasoning. We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction. Be your own politics, grow your own garden, and maybe you can help out more. Personally, I'm an advocate for short engagements. Long sometimes means there is a reason for it. Two years engaged and no wedding... I'd be upset. All my movies are achingly personal. Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. For me the greatest revenge of all is having a happy adulthood, waking up in my gorgeous turquoise bedroom in the morning beside a person who really inspires me. That's the best revenge a girl-loving girl from the Bible belt could possibly have. And, importantly, it's healthy. That attitude does not exist so much today, but in those days there was a very sharp distinction between basic physics and applied physics. Columbia did not deal with applied physics. All my life, I have loved and been inspired by French cinema, and as a studio head it has been my pride and joy to have the ability to bring movies to audiences around the world. For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball. So I went for engineering, specifically product design, which I enjoyed. It's far easier to forgive an enemy after you've got even with him. Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships. I think what a lot of action movies lose these days, especially the ones that deal with fantasy, is you stop caring at some point because you've lost human scale. If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future. It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes. The first requirement of politics is not intellect or stamina but patience. Politics is a very long run game and the tortoise will usually beat the hare. Virtue is a habit of the mind, consistent with nature and moderation and reason. For most of our history, Americans enjoyed both liberty and security from foreign threats. I like the opportunity to travel the world and work in close company with other people. And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset. Our thoughts have an order, not of themselves, but because the mind generates the spatio-temporal relationships involved in every experience. That's the real secret to job creation - not borrowing and spending more money in Washington. I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it. People - not just in their teenage years - hold on to this fantasy of love when they're not ready to have a real relationship. Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted. I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go. I don't see any reason for marriage when there is divorce. People ask me what the most important thing to take on the race is, and I always say it's a sense of humor. If you've got nothing but a sense of humor, you will survive. Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people. Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent. If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books. I claim Dickens as a mentor. He's my teacher. He's one of my driving forces. When she had passed, it seemed like the ceasing of exquisite music. Suddenly the whole imagination of writing and editorial and newspaper and all these presumptions about who am I reading this, and who else other people may be, and all that, it's so grimly brutal! Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment. In mid-May, the House of Representatives approved the full amount of money that the Veterans Administration said was needed for next year - plus an additional $1 billion increase for veterans' health care. I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one. It was a perfect marriage. She didn't want to and he couldn't. I have a five year-old son and a three year-old daughter. I want my son to have a choice to contribute fully in the workforce or at home. And I want my daughter to have the choice to not just succeed, but to be liked for her accomplishments. Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else. Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten. My goal was not to be famous or rich but to be good at what I did. And that required going to New York and studying and working in the theater. If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men. I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box. Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality. I haven't eaten at a McDonald's since I became President. The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery. If it is wrong for you to take money from someone else who earned it, to take their money by force for your own needs, then it is certainly just as wrong for you to demand that the government step forward and do this dirty work for you. An orange on the table, your dress on the rug, and you in my bed, sweet present of the present, cool of night, warmth of my life. It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being. My home town is very small and very remote and we don't have a movie house. Today osteoporosis affects more than 75 million people in the United States, Europe and Japan and causes more than 2.3 million fractures in the USA and Europe alone. Acting is something I appreciate, and I think it's been an amazing experience. But I'm not passionate about acting the way you probably should be to call yourself an actor. I love what I do. I take great pride in what I do. And I can't do something halfway, three-quarters, nine-tenths. If I'm going to do something, I go all the way. There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires. It is the strange fate of man, that even in the greatest of evils the fear of the worst continues to haunt him. I like all Jim Carrey films. They're really funny. It's always easier if you have the support of your family, if you're not alone. I came from a country that has been through a lot of troubles in the last 20 to 30 years, but we have been through them together. Man is firmly convinced that he is awake in reality he is caught in a net of sleep and dreams which he has unconsciously woven himself. In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death. It's such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it. I always wanted to be a Californian. In my wildest dreams, I always liked California - it's the place where oranges grows on trees! Fruit just falls off the trees. It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err. Magic and new technology have always walked hand in hand - even back in the days of Robert Houdin. The long-established and noble rule of Law, one of the greatest products of the character and tradition of British history, has suffered a deadly blow. Blackmail has become respectable. Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old. Stand-up don't get no respect - it's the hardest thing to do in show business. You don't have no band and there's no music. I loved it, but social reality impeded. Now I wander in here at 9 in the morning or so, and come back for a while in the afternoon. I am a very lenient boss. 'That's What She Said' is not Hollywood's standard picture of women: preternaturally gorgeous, wedding obsessed, boy crazy, fashion focused, sexed up 'girl' women. These are real women, comically portrayed, who are trying to wrestle with the very expectations of womanhood that Hollywood movies set up. I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it. Poetry has been to me its own exceeding great reward it has given me the habit of wishing to discover the good and beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me. A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions. A man can stand a lot as long as he can stand himself. He can live without hope, without friends, without books, even without music, as long as he can listen to his own thoughts. But what I was going to say was, I just figured I'm going to go boldly in the direction of my dreams, say it as Thoreau would say, and just see where it takes me. Mayors could never get away with the kind of nonsense that goes on in Washington. In our world, you either picked up the trash or you didn't. You either moved an abandoned car or you didn't. You either filled a pothole or you didn't. That's what we do every day. And we know how to get this stuff done. Love is by far bigger than the government can ever be. Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness. To err is human. To blame someone else is politics. Happiness includes chiefly the idea of satisfaction after full honest effort. No one can possibly be satisfied and no one can be happy who feels that in some paramount affairs he failed to take up the challenge of life. Just do what you do best. The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe. The poetry that sustains me is when I feel that, for a minute, the clouds have parted and I've seen ecstasy or something. The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them. I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism. A relationship is hard in and of itself. And having kids is really hard work, but I think it's really meaningful, as is a relationship. But they all take work. Technology is the fashion of the '90s. It affects everyone, and everyone is interested in it - either from fear of being left behind or because they have a real need to use technology. The abuse of faith has to be resisted precisely. I followed the same diet for 20 years, eliminating starches, living on salads, lean meat, and small portions. This much we know: Journalism is not a precise science. It's, on its best day, is a crude art. We make mistakes I make mistakes. With more than 50 years as a journalist, I have at least had the opportunity to blow more stories, make more mistakes than maybe anybody in television. I've found that when the market's going down and you buy funds wisely, at some point in the future you will be happy. You won't get there by reading 'Now is the time to buy.' I really don't think there is anybody in the business with better eyes than Elijah Wood. Atari is a very sad story. Households, cities, countries, and nations have enjoyed great happiness when a single individual has taken heed of the Good and Beautiful. Such people not only liberate themselves they fill those they meet with a free mind. When I was a graduate student, the leading spirits at Harvard were interested in the history of ideas. I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at. Everyone thought I was going to die like a year later, they didn't know. So I helped educate sports, and then the world, that a man living with HIV can play basketball. He's not going to give it to anybody by playing basketball. The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone. Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim. I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken. I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. That's where my heart lies. I'm not looking to get away from anything. I like what I've done. I like what I get to do and I enjoy working with my friends. I loved those movies, but this is incredible. In most communities it is illegal to cry 'fire' in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims? My personality, when tasked with creating meals, goes something like this: Is there a way we can make this more difficult? Because let's do that. I don't mean to complicate things. It's just - why buy pre-packaged potato salad when you can spend your morning boiling potatoes and flipping out because there's no dill in the house? I have a fantastic studio in my home, and it's my biggest toy. I have about a half a million dollars worth of musical equipment in my house. When you do take the home pregnancy test, it doesn't quite seem real. But when you see the baby and the heartbeat on the ultrasound, it's so incredible. I love painting and music, of course. I don't know nearly as much about them as I know about poetry. I've certainly been influenced by fiction. I was overwhelmed by War and Peace when I read it, and I didn't read it until I was in my late 20s. By nature's kindly disposition most questions which it is beyond a man's power to answer do not occur to him at all. I've always been mad about cats. In my professional work with the Agency, by the late '70s, I had come to question the value of a great deal of what we were doing, in terms of the intelligence agency's impact on American policy. I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him. I remember lying down for a nap one day at about 4:00 and walking up at 11:00 the next morning. The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got. One to destroy, is murder by the law and gibbets keep the lifted hand in awe to murder thousands, takes a specious name, 'War's glorious art', and gives immortal fame. I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people. If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it. Well, you know, a lot of people look at the negative things, the things that they did wrong and - which I do. But I like to stress on the things I did right, because there are certain things that I like to look at from a positive standpoint that are just positive reinforcement. Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love. The main failure of education is that it has not prepared people to comprehend matters concerning human destiny. Start wide, expand further, and never look back. Every job leaves its residue, a bit of extra knowledge, a new skill-set. When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else. Now I believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid entwined together on a bed of clover and left there to sleep, left there to dream of their happiness. There's an unconscious bias in our society: girls are wonderful boys are terrible. And to be a boy, or young man, growing up, having to listen to all this, it must be painful. Managers in all too many American companies do not achieve the desired results because nobody makes them do it. Where globalization means, as it so often does, that the rich and powerful now have new means to further enrich and empower themselves at the cost of the poorer and weaker, we have a responsibility to protest in the name of universal freedom. People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant. Charm, in most men and nearly all women, is a decoration. Theater has to resonate in your heart in a way that movies don't. A lot of people say I'd miss show business if I quit. I'd miss some of it. Now it's the only life I know. After all, it is hard to master both life and work equally well. So if you are bound to fake one of them, it had better be life. Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on one's wife alone. When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt. If you respect the audience enough, they can take onboard many things. Now is the age of anxiety. I just owe almost everything to my father and it's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election. A singer starts by having his instrument as a gift from God... When you have been given something in a moment of grace, it is sacrilegious to be greedy. I don't think there's a shortage of material in the world. Or in my head. I just pray for continued good health, because I've got other stories to tell. No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow. A man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him. Well, you can't be trying to achieve success of any kind in this business without accepting that there's going to be a flip side to it. He who can be, and therefore is, another's, and he who participates in reason enough to apprehend, but not to have, is a slave by nature. No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude. In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield. Drug abuse is a medical disease that requires medical professionals. If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny? Sex is... perfectly natural. It's something that's pleasurable. It's enjoyable and it enhances a relationship. So why don't we learn as much as we can about it and become comfortable with ourselves as sexual human beings because we are all sexual? A good government implies two things first, fidelity to the objects of the government secondly, a knowledge of the means, by which those objects can be best attained. We found out tonight how important and how crucial momentum swings can be. I thought we were playing very well. We were doing a lot of positive things but then we lost the puck two times in our zone and things swung their way. You can't afford to give teams momentum. The essential function of art is moral. But a passionate, implicit morality, not didactic. A morality which changes the blood, rather than the mind. Every person born into this world their work is born with them. I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America. I was born on a farm. My strength has nothing to do with political apparatus. I get my strength from nature, from flowers. I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament. There is the expression of selfishness and there is the expression of selflessness - but economists or theoreticians never touched that part. They said: 'Go and become a philanthropist.' I said, 'No, I can do that in the business world, create a different kind of business - a business based on selflessness.' It feels great to win and I can't be more thankful to the Lord for walking me through every step. God was and is so faithful every time. Taught from infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison. The theory of undirected evolution is already dead, but the work of science continues. The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all. My dad died of a stroke. Populism is not a style, it's a people's rebellion against the iron grip that big corporations have on our country - including our economy, government, media, and environment. Life goes on, and I'm moving on to the next thing, but I hope the soaps that are still running will thrive. They have millions of loyal viewers. If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility. Spiritual space is lost in gaining convenience. I saw the need to create a mixture of Japanese spiritual culture and modern western architecture. The vehemence with which certain critics have chosen not simply to criticize what I've written, but to challenge my writing this story at all, speaks of what the book is about: fear of disapproval. Alas! if the principles of contentment are not within us, the height of station and worldly grandeur will as soon add a cubit to a man's stature as to his happiness. I have, in some ways, saved characters that have been marginalized by society by playing them - and having them still have dignity and still survive, still get through it. I think all of us as women have this super-human quality. We create life, we give life, we are the sources of life for our children - we're all pretty bionic. Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions their reasons are always different. I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality. Dre was one of my heros in the music industry. If he's not down for his homeboys, I don't wanna be a part of him or around him. My wife and I had decided not to let anybody take pictures of our home because it was just the last place on earth we had that was unscathed. But people have climbed over the fence they've taken aerial shots. They've gotten my address and put it on the Internet. My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear. I cook croquetas, and I eat jamon. I keep my diet 100% Mediterranean and drink my Rioja. In that sense, I have a piece of Spain in West Hollywood. As president, Reagan worked very well with Democrats to do big things. It is true that he worked to reduce the size of government and cut federal taxes and he eliminated many regulations, but he also raised taxes when necessary. Pete Dye introduced me to golf course design back in the 1960's. He came to my hometown Columbus, Ohio to work on The Golf Club. I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men. Conservatives saw the savagery of 9/11 in the attacks and prepared for war liberals saw the savagery of the 9/11 attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding for our attackers. Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret. Being a father, being a friend, those are the things that make me feel successful. This is not Johnson's war. This is America's war. If I drop dead tomorrow, this war will still be with you. You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long. We are learning more about the humanity of the unborn child. Science and truth support the prolife movement. If you take a look at history, you will find that the understanding of what is good and evil has always existed before the individual religions. The religions were only invented by people afterwards, in order to express this idea. I got fitter when I did 'Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.' I wore a loincloth - that's a lot of motivation! When I go on stage man I just want people to have fun, I don't want people to think about their problems, I want people to get energy and nutrition and food from that so they can go back into the real world and work on their problems. I really like to sometimes go into food detox and eat very simply. Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell. Before I got Doctor Who, I went to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. I went back to take the final grade exam, which is the grade you have to take before you can take the teacher's diploma. Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it. Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down. Nothing is better than waking up in the morning and being excited to go into work. Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other. As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that. The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness. The intelligence community, for the most part, has no accountability at all to the Congress, to us the American people, and so they feel that they above the law. Acting is a life experience. I'm always learning things when I'm making a movie. So the fame part of it is fine when you consider what you get out of this job. Suppressed grief suffocates, it rages within the breast, and is forced to multiply its strength. It's a really unfair world because life is, where I am all day long we listen to American music. So I don't see why the radios in the U.S. cannot even put aside one hour a day just to play music that is not American. Faith is to believe what you do not see the reward of this faith is to see what you believe. Every man must define his identity against his mother. If he does not, he just falls back into her and is swallowed up. Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest. Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet. When I had a job catering, I catered a wedding for the Smashing Pumpkins bassist in Indiana. And I served Billy Corgan shrimp off a tray. I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health. The farther a society progresses, the more clearly the individual becomes the antithesis of the group. Cherish that which is within you, and shut off that which is without for much knowledge is a curse. Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant. I'm constantly pitching one episode where we see life through Castle's eyes. I think Castle's just a little off as far as his perception goes. A very, very clever man, but I want to see the world as Castle sees it - kind of a rose-colored glasses, all the women find him irresistible, all the guys find him super cool and do whatever he says. Man is born passionate of body, but with an innate though secret tendency to the love of Good in his main-spring of Mind. But God help us all! It is at present a sad jar of atoms. I shall the effect of this good lesson keeps as watchman to my heart. Croatia is an amazing place. The only thing I hope I did was never put in question my love for the game, or my passion to be counted on when it mattered most. Clearly, America's dysfunctional food culture must bear some of the blame for our excess pounds, but it's likely our walking-averse lifestyles contribute as well. I used to sports gamble a lot and I was getting killed on that but then I found poker and really enjoyed it. But it was a hobby more than anything else. I played it every day but only on pretty small stakes. Those of us who were brought up as Christians and have lost our faith have retained the sense of sin without the saving belief in redemption. This poisons our thought and so paralyses us in action. If you pursue good with labor, the labor passes away but the good remains if you pursue evil with pleasure, the pleasure passes away and the evil remains. I'm not a tough guy. I'm just delivering the truth and only the truth and if you can't deal with it, too bad. I do not recall a Jewish home without a book on the table. Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history. It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad. Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn't think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know. I opposed the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996. It should be repealed and I will vote for its repeal on the Senate floor. I will also oppose any proposal to amend the U.S. Constitution to ban gays and lesbians from marrying. It's a terrible thing to be alone - yes it is - it is - but don't lower your mask until you have another mask prepared beneath - as terrible as you like - but a mask. There are two sorts of curiosity - the momentary and the permanent. The momentary is concerned with the odd appearance on the surface of things. The permanent is attracted by the amazing and consecutive life that flows on beneath the surface of things. James Finch is exactly what I'm looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun. Music is part of us, and either ennobles or degrades our behavior. I don't feel I was ever a 'famous' child actor. I was just a working actor who happened to be a kid. I was never really in a hit show until I was a teenager with West Wing playing First Daughter Zoey Bartlet. In a way, that was my saving grace - not being a star on a hit show. It kept me working and kept me grounded. Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans' anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed. Too often in the past, U.S. leaders have forced Israel to pay the price for American strategic interests in the Middle East - through concessions in the peace process as well as passivity in the face of Iraqi attacks. Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black. Home is where one starts from. The whole of science, and one is tempted to think the whole of the life of any thinking man, is trying to come to terms with the relationship between yourself and the natural world. Why are you here, and how do you fit in, and what's it all about. You may either win your peace or buy it: win it, by resistance to evil buy it, by compromise with evil. When I stop working, I go out and start working again. Most people paint a picture, or whatever they do, and go home. For me, it has to be continuous. If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last car he'll ever lay down in front of. The two things I was positive about in life were that I was going to be a teacher at a boarding school or an operative with the CIA posted abroad. I could write a book about all the things I was sure about. My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else. A diplomatic peace is not yet the real peace. It is an essential step in the peace process leading towards a real peace. During the days of segregation, there was not a place of higher learning for African Americans. They were simply not welcome in many of the traditional schools. And from this backward policy grew the network of historical black colleges and universities. We need to understand that we are not each others' enemies in this country. And it is only the political class that derives its power by creating friction. It is only the media that derives its importance by creating friction... that uses every little thing to create this chasm between people. This is not who we are. Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace. Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads. A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments. When I started in the business, there was a thing called adult fantasy, but nobody quite knew what it was, and most publishers didn't have an adult fantasy list. They had science fiction lists, which they stuck a little bit of fantasy into. When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom. There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people. Happiness is the longing for repetition. The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. I think there's nothing better than laughing in life, so that's nice, to be thought of as someone who can make someone laugh. It's 'cause I think life is hard. You know, my dad was a really silly man. A great Irish silly man. And that's fine. Traveling, you realize that differences are lost: each city takes to resembling all cities, places exchange their form, order, distances, a shapeless dust cloud invades the continents. Education has failed in a very serious way to convey the most important lesson science can teach: skepticism. It was a secular cathedral, dedicated to the rites of travel. Two things I take very seriously in life. My golf game and my relationship with God. Neither one is simple. Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness. Boy bands should be exploded from a great height. They're just pretty people singing music written by others. Three events. Three gold medals. I was news, big news, in the sports world. I may be compelled to face danger, but never fear it, and while our soldiers can stand and fight, I can stand and feed and nurse them. As soon as man enters into a state of society he loses the sense of his weakness equality ceases, and then commences the state of war. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within. I could never say that one religion is wrong. I could never say that this person's God is wrong, I could never say that someone is wrong because they don't believe in God. It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope that's correct, because there's an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others. My kids say if there's any family dinner that doesn't result in somebody crying, it's not a good dinner. They cry because it helps relieve them of a guilt or some onerous emotional burden. It's like a family tradition. We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business? On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable. I enjoy privacy. I think it's nice to have a little mystery. I think because of technology a lot of the mystery is gone in life, and I'd like to preserve some of that. I have a great family, I live an amazing life. If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having. I naturally wanted to be saved, so when I came home I told my mom I wanted to be confirmed. That's the way I related to it, being raised an Episcopalian. I went to Dallas and got confirmed. I feel audiences are not given enough credit for their intelligence. Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age, but they die young. I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to. To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart. In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves. My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene. I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles. New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing. People don't want to see women doing things they don't think women should do. Science may eventually explain the world of How. The ultimate world of Why may remain for contemplation, philosophy, religion. Justice is rather the activity of truth, than a virtue in itself. Truth tells us what is due to others, and justice renders that due. Injustice is acting a lie. All literature consists of whatever the writer thinks is cool. The reader will like the book to the degree that he agrees with the writer about what's cool. Let them look to the past, but let them also look to the future let them look to the land of their ancestors, but let them look also to the land of their children. I also work out because I have scoliosis. I have to maintain certain strength in my core. I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me. Everyone checks out my mom. My mom's hot. If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself. You will not accept credit that is due to another, or harbor jealousy of an explorer who is more fortunate. I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life. By far the greatest part of those goods which are the objects of desire, are procured by labour and they may be multiplied, not in one country alone, but in many, almost without any assignable limit, if we are disposed to bestow the labour necessary to obtain them. To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context. Conversation may be compared to a lyre with seven chords - philosophy, art, poetry, love, scandal, and the weather. I think physical comedy is an amazing asset because it tells a story that's more universal than just language and dialogue. I grew up watching Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. They're very powerful figures in my life. My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend. Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further. A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution. Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two. Let's win the peace and democracy the good people of Iraq so richly deserve after decades of tyranny. A war for a great principle ennobles a nation. The words of the Bible, and the Bible alone, should be heard from the pulpit. At last, in 1611, was made, under the auspices of King James, the famous King James version and this is the great literary monument of the English language. The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication. Politics thrives on simple, clean messages, something that played to Obama's advantage in 2008. Stagnant unemployment and the loss of America's AAA rating are as simple and tough as they come. This is the economy on Obama's watch, and there's no one left to blame. I hate the idea of success robbing you of your private life. Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy. The thing that we possess, that machines don't, is the ability to exhibit wisdom. I made a choice to stay home and raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work. Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on. Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature. You know they're not going to lose 162 consecutive games. People don't want other people to get high, because if you get high, you might see the falsity of the fabric of the society we live in. Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. I was supposed to have a relationship with Judy, but that never happened. Actors in series didn't have the control that they have today over their jobs. The weaker the country, the stronger the smile. Nature makes woman to be won and men to win. You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut. My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish. Old age is always wakeful as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death. Love is flower like Friendship is like a sheltering tree. The best way to inspire people to superior performance is to convince them by everything you do and by your everyday attitude that you are wholeheartedly supporting them. Our mother was a very religious and observant Jew, our father less so. She was kind of driving the religious education, so for us it was more a burden and an obligation when we were kids at that age. True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level. I think that if the novel's task is to describe where we find ourselves and how we live now, the novelist must take a good, hard look at the most central facts of contemporary life - technology and science. No education can be of true advantage to young women but that which trains them up in humble industry, in great plainness of living, in exact modesty of dress. If you are ever at a loss to support a flagging conversation, introduce the subject of eating. I think it really makes a difference when you know the people that you're working with, when you develop a relationship. What happens when you have great grief in your life is the arteries of that heart begins to spasms down, just literally squeezes down like this because you're feeling the tension of your life and then the heart muscle itself will also begin - to get stressed out. I have two luxuries to brood over in my walks, your loveliness and the hour of my death. O that I could have possession of them both in the same minute. I try to help people realize their dreams by using magic to tell stories that educate, move, and inspire. I think our failure in the production of good town churches of distinctive character must have struck you often, as it has me, when contrasted with our comparative success in country churches. I have no idea how to get in touch with anyone anymore. Everyone, it seems, has a home phone, a cell phone, a regular e-mail account, a Facebook account, a Twitter account, and a Web site. Some of them also have a Google Voice number. There are the sentimental few who still have fax machines. To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character. Second, there are two problems with respect to mobile homes in particular. One is we obviously don't want to put them in a flood plain, because if there's another flood, you're going to lose the mobile home. When we're on set, we kind of joke around, and when we're rehearsing, we change up the scenes and make each other laugh. We lighten up the mood. The blooper reel is going to be amazing on 'New Moon.' Life is an operation which is done in a forward direction. One lives toward the future, because to live consists inexorably in doing, in each individual life making itself. Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace. You don't become a chef to become famous. Humans have certain properties and characteristics which are intrinsic to them, just as every other organism does. That's human nature. The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles. Well, what did we buy? Instead of a leaner, smarter government, we bought a bureaucracy that now tells us which light bulbs to buy, and which will put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama's health care bill. You can either invade a country or leave them alone and trade with them. When goods cross borders, armies don't. It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory. We must ensure that every worker has healthcare and is able to save for their retirement. We must ensure that our workers have safe and health working conditions. We wanted Nike to be the world's best sports and fitness company. Once you say that, you have a focus. You don't end up making wing tips or sponsoring the next Rolling Stones world tour. The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, it's amazing how the light shines so much brighter. The whole celebrity culture thing - I'm fascinated by, and repelled by, and yet I end up knowing about it. If being an attractive woman got you attention for directing, then the entire 'best director' category would be comprised of models. To me, that is just the most ludicrous connection that you could make. Of course, we avoid death. To know something is inevitable is one thing. To accept, to truly feel it... that's different. A women's greatest asset is her beauty. The process hasn't changed, but the writer has developed. I still get up every morning and go to work. Sports are one of the main cultural activities on the face of the earth. I know I'm not supposed to have any opinions about politics, because I'm famous. It took me less than half a lifetime to realize that regret is one of the few guaranteed certainties. Sooner or later everything is touched by it, despite our naive and senseless hope that just this time we will be spared its cold hand on our heart. Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body. And the smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears. I got my diploma from Ealing College of Art, in graphics and illustration. I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate. A society in which there are high levels of voluntary activity will simply be a better, happier place than one where there are not. Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody. My anger with the US was not at first, that they had used that weapon - although that anger came later. This, and this alone, is Christianity, a universal holiness in every part of life, a heavenly wisdom in all our actions, not conforming to the spirit and temper of the world but turning all worldly enjoyments into means of piety and devotion to God. Winning in Afghanistan is having a country that is stable enough to ensure that there is no safe haven for Al Qaida or for a militant Taliban that welcomes Al Qaida. That's really the measure of success for the United States. They're only truly great who are truly good. A lot happens by accident in poetry. My position is not that John Kerry is either Jesus Christ or the prophet Mohammad. My position is that John Kerry is the possibility of restarting politics. To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need. That's my dream job, to be able to mail songs out to people who want to hear them. Paste my face on them and not travel all over the world trying to sell them. Cooking with kids is not just about ingredients, recipes, and cooking. It's about harnessing imagination, empowerment, and creativity. To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete. The kind of theater that I do is sort of 'narrative realism,' which I think in the broadest sense is legitimate to say is mainstream. I mean, in a certain sense, Suzan-Lori's plays have had mainstream levels of success. But Suzan-Lori is in some ways not a narrative realist. And I don't believe that children are innocent. In fact, no one seriously believes that. Just go to a playground and watch the kids playing in the sandbox! The romantic notion of the sweet child is simply the parents projecting their own wishes. Love of our neighbour, then, has just the same respect to, is no more distant from, self-love, than hatred of our neighbour, or than love or hatred of anything else. Well, clearly Apple is a role model of the American innovation whereby it produced all these products - iPod, iPhone, iPad - that are really now dominating all the technology arena in the world. I'm overly excited to finally announce this amazing global partnership deal back home with EMI Music. I know I have mentioned doing music in the past but for legal reasons I was not in a position to release any new music. Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend! A woman has the age she deserves. The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone. When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches. To make democracy work, we must be a notion of participants, not simply observers. One who does not vote has no right to complain. I am a teacher, and I am proud of it. At Cornell University I have taught primarily undergraduates, and indeed almost every year since 1966 have taught first-year general chemistry. Anyone who's lost someone to cancer will say this, that you have to struggle to try to remember the person before the diagnosis happened, because they really do change - as anyone would change. To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them. Men honor what lies within the sphere of their knowledge, but do not realize how dependent they are on what lies beyond it. Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself. In December, I agreed to extend the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans because it was the only way I could prevent a tax hike on middle-class Americans. But we cannot afford $1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire in our society. We can't afford it. And I refuse to renew them again. When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: 'Whose?' What good is it being Marilyn Monroe? Why can't I just be an ordinary woman? I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do. While most Americans have access to the best oral health care in the world, low-income children suffer disproportionately from oral disease. President Obama is a principled man who has worked hard to put healthcare and a good education in the reach of millions of Americans and believes that everyone who works hard and plays by the rules, should have a fair shot at the American dream. I want to host a religious show. I'm sure nobody will be wanting the 11 o'clock spot on Sunday morning. I think we should really get some of our own preachers and preach that gay is good. And we'd have a great choir. Art for art's sake, money for God's sake. One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste. You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. I believe the Bible is the word of God from cover to cover. Clinton's hands remain incredibly clean, don't they, and Tony Blair's smile remains as wide as ever. I view these guises with profound contempt. If I were dying my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end. I have seen doctors, in good faith, leave patients on steroids for years, thinking they are doing right. A friend of mine was on steroids for so long, she has severe osteoporosis. In the late 1990s, some of the worst terrorist atrocities in the world were what the Turkish government itself called state terror, namely massive atrocities, 80 percent of the arms coming from the United States, millions of refugees, tens of thousands of people killed, hideous repression, that's international terror, and we can go on and on. The point of that is, if you look at Walgreen's history, they've always been pioneers in the application of technology. They're the only drugstore chain that I know to have their own satellite. A discerning eye needs only a hint, and understatement leaves the imagination free to build its own elaborations. The key to artificial intelligence has always been the representation. I think it is most important for a teacher to play the pieces and studies that are being played by the student. You put high heels on and you change. I was interested by the idea that artists working in a totalitarian dictatorship or tsarist autocracy are secretly and slightly shamefully envied by artists who work in freedom. They have the gratification of intense interest: the authorities want to put them in jail, while there are younger readers for whom what they write is pure oxygen. No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words. Corporations, consumers, and citizens must begin acting in concert to create a powerful third pillar of social transformation if we hope to meet the social challenges we currently face with equal force. This begins with corporations that choose to alter how they practice capitalism in two ways to serve the greater good. I spent a lot of time in the school psychologist's office. I didn't apply myself. My mother thought I had learning disabilities. Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken. But I want people to understand that poker's not all glamorous, it's not all being on TV and making tons of money. It's a hard life. It's a lot of travel. It's a lot of weird hours. People spending more of their own money on routine health care would make the system more competitive and transparent and restore the confidence between the patients and the doctors without government rationing. A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live. Some of the best fan mail I get are from our men and women in the military and intelligence communities. They say, 'Boy you do your homework, this is exactly how we're doing it.' The man who has gotten everything he wants is all in favor of peace and order. I think I am really irreverent and I pretty much just talk to and about men the way men talk to and about women. I love my beauty. It's not my fault. I mean, I've always been a libertarian. Leave everybody alone. Let everybody else do what they want. Just stay out of everybody else's hair. I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business. Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection. The need to write comes from the need to make sense of one's life and discover one's usefulness. As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it. Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth, and every other man has a right to knock him down for it. Martyrdom is the test. People always comment about my clothes. They don't think a fashionable woman can love food and be knowledgeable and actually cook. The influence of blogging is overall a very positive force in the media. If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldn't you help him? It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment. When you think of what Americans accomplished, building these amazing cities and all the good it's done in the world, it's kind of disheartening to hear so much hatred of America, not just from abroad, but internally. When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe? The thing about imagination is that by the very act of putting it down, there must be some truth in one's own imagination. My style has been pretty much like a newspaper. It's got politics in it, it's got media, sports, family relations, you know, all the sections you would expect, and wonderful religion things. I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy. Upon the Constitution, upon the pre-existing legal rights of the People, as understood in this country and in England, I have argued that this House is bound to revive the Petition under debate. To attempt this would be like seeing without eyes or directing the gaze of knowledge behind one's own eye. Modern science can acknowledge no other than this epistemological stand-point. In the morning a man walks with his whole body in the evening, only with his legs. Hollywood is so fake and people need to realize that people are just people, and you, too, don't need to be born into something or have money or have whatever product someone is hawking on you. I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men. There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty. About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after. I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual. Our work is before us. It cannot be passed to future legislatures and must not be passed to future generations. May we boldly seize the moment with singular unity. And may we build a Texas of unlimited possibility. The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature, usually crushed to earth by the cold facts and dry criticisms of the sober hour. We deceive ourselves when we fancy that only weakness needs support. Strength needs it far more. And as I grew older, I then auditioned for the Royal Academy of Music in London, and they said, well, no, we won't accept you, because we haven't a clue - you know - of the future of a so-called 'deaf' musician. And I just couldn't quite accept that. The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil. My strength and my weakness are twins in the same womb. The chances of a bank going out of business are extremely slim, but it's always a good idea to spread around major sums so every penny is backed by insurance. The purpose of human life and the sense of happiness is to give the maximum what the man is able to give. No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body. A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people. Art is good, bad, boring, ugly, useful to us or not. Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon. The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far. It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. Everything starts and ends with the song, and working with writers and really learning their process and craft was an invaluable experience. When we take our eyes off the whirl of day-to-day activity and concentrate on honoring Him and following in His way, we find a consistent peace that carries us through both plenty and poverty. An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day. It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success. I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings. Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination. The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it. If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool. Well, what I love about '80s rock music is the amazing, fantastic melodies. What is news? It's hard to quantify. Certainly news has changed completely, and the morning shows are not really designed to bring you the news, except to tell you what happened overnight, and the rest of it is a kind of magazine mentality - a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It's harder to be an educated and informed citizen. There's a lot of interesting words, nomenclatures, in science. I really had little interest in becoming famous. When I write my book, it will be my guide to avoid becoming a rock star. The problem of the world today is the people talk on and on about democracy, freedom, justice. But I don't give a damn about democracy if I am worried about survival. Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself. The balance between faith and reason is for the determination of each individual, and of the people as a whole, not of unauthorized government officials uttering impious humbug as they arbitrarily try to define that balance. I really like being pregnant. Not that there aren't things I don't love, but when I think about what my body is doing - creating a child - it just blows my mind. I'm in awe of the process and science. In the rich world, the environmental situation has improved dramatically. In the United States, the most important environmental indicator, particulate air pollution, has been cut by more than half since 1955, rivers and coastal waters have dramatically improved, and forests are increasing. I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me. Men in authority will always think that criticism of their policies is dangerous. They will always equate their policies with patriotism, and find criticism subversive. The bottom line is that the human body is complex and subtle, and oversimplifying - as common sense sometimes impels us to do - can be hazardous to your health. As a physician and as a pilot, I think it lets me be a pretty good translator having one foot in the medical world and one foot in the flying world. Sometimes when the medical guys come in and speak medical stuff to the pilots, the pilots really don't know what they're saying. Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth. Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing. Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful. We can't blame children for occupying themselves with Facebook rather than playing in the mud. Our society doesn't put a priority on connecting with nature. In fact, too often we tell them it's dirty and dangerous. I thought it was amazing to work with authors, to get a manuscript and try to make up a cover for it. Good music is good music, and everything else can go to hell. If the Liberals' law is passed, will sex education in the schools, including elementary grades, include the same portrayals of sexual activity which presently exist in heterosexual instruction? Will there be the same presentation of homosexual activity? Of course there will. I suppose I'm proudest of my novels for what's imagined in them. I think the world of my imagination is a richer and more interesting place than my personal biography. It is the right of our people to organize to oppose any law and any part of the Constitution with which they are not in sympathy. Everything is politics. If somebody tells me I'm famous I say, 'I'm not.' I can't see myself as famous and I don't think I'll ever call myself famous. I definitely don't feel famous. The Communist regime didn't consider this to be a shining moment in history and assigned no heroism to it. They classified it as merely an accident. I thought I was learning about show business. The more painful it was, the more important I thought the experience must be. Hating it, I convinced myself it must be invaluable. I like to comprehend more or less everything around me - apart from the creation of my music. It's an obsessive character trait that's getting worse. I don't switch the light on and off 15 times before I leave the room yet, but something's going wrong. My house has always been like everyone's house. You walk in, you're a part of the family, no matter who you are, what celebrity status you are, everyone is treated the same - with love from my mom. There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. Your personality as the prime minister feeds through to what you emphasise, and what you don't, how you'll handle a situation - whether you've got the combination of intelligence or instincts to adapt and to make good decisions. We have mountain of debt that isn't going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road. It was not a religion that attacked us that September day. It was al-Qaeda. We will not sacrifice the liberties we cherish or hunker down behind walls of suspicion and mistrust. I think politicians get hamstrung by the nature of politics when the private sector can really do great things. My diet is mostly chicken and fish. I make sure I get a lot of vegetables, a lot of fruit. I am a big fruit man, I am a vegetable man anyway. And I also get a lot of rest. That's the key I may be up early, but I'm in bed early too. It doesn't take a lot of strength to hang on. It takes a lot of strength to let go. Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education. Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. On the surface, rock and roll changes at an amazing pace. The influence of a figure like the Maharishi can appear and disappear in a matter of months. Talk about old fashioned rock and roll finds itself dead before it begins. As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion. No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience. I got this idea about being afraid to let go of something and being afraid of sinking into a state of almost anesthesia, where you have to trust other people. Just the paranoia of it all. And it seemed to suit the frenetic track. So I just wrote it out and, you know, said it. I am a kind of paranoid in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy. Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs. A sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier times. I don't think art is propaganda it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it. Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them. I'd just turned 50, weighed 285, and my doctor had read me the riot act about my health. The top experts in the world are ardent students. The day you stop learning, you're definitely not an expert. The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification. Travel teaches toleration. My father was in the First World War. A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. The good parts of a book may be only something a writer is lucky enough to overhear or it may be the wreck of his whole damn life and one is as good as the other. It's funny, because I never think of myself as Little Miss All-Together. Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. Because one doesn't like the way things are is no reason to be unjust towards God. We need earmark reform, and when I'm President, I will go line by line to make sure that we are not spending money unwisely. The most aggressive artists often hide their romantic side. We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems. Italy even in the future will not need aid from the European Financial Stability Fund. Status anxiety definitely exists at a political level. Many Iraqis were annoyed with the US essentially for reasons of status: for not showing them respect, for humiliating them. Aesthetic emotion puts man in a state favorable to the reception of erotic emotion. Art is the accomplice of love. Take love away and there is no longer art. 1 month ago the American people stopped to remember the third anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. We thought first and foremost of the selflessness, patriotism and heroism by our troops, our National Guard and Reserves. I went to Morocco, joined a band called Pegasus, ran out of money, went to Gibraltar and worked on the docks, writing songs about the sun and the morning and the birds. I truly believe my job is to make sure people smile. Five or six hundred heads cut off would have assured your repose, freedom and happiness. Judged by the law of England, I know this crime entails upon me the penalty of death but the history of Ireland explains that crime and justifies it. I'm very jealous of my daughter's education. She's been inspired by her teachers, and nobody inspired me as a teenager. At one time there were voiceover artists, now there are celebrity voiceover artists. It's unfortunate because these people need the money less than the voiceover artist. You know, when I was a kid waiting on the bus, I remember that was when I imagined my life. I imagined everything that I was gonna be when I grew up and I imagined all of these amazing journeys and amazing people I'd meet. Of course, all of it has kind of come to fruition. My personal view is that such total planning by the state is an absolute good and not simply a relative good... I do not myself think of the attitude I take as deriving from Marx - though this undoubtedly will be suggested - but from Fichte and Hegel. My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me. It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five. People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid. There are laws for peace as well as war. I wish our clever young poets would remember my homely definitions of prose and poetry that is, prose = words in their best order - poetry = the best words in the best order. One thing I was thinking about is that they probably get their come-uppance about the same percentage that people in real life do. Basically, stealing for all practical purposes might as well be legal in New York. The future lies in designing and selling computers that people don't realize are computers at all. Cruelty is the law pervading all nature and society and we can't get out of it if we would. I once saw a picture in the paper of John Hegley with 'poet' written on his knuckles, and I thought that was pretty cool, so I was quite up front about it. If we are not free, no one will respect us. When I was younger, the pressure was just being cool. I never thought of myself as a cool guy. I always thought of myself as more of the goofy guy. Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes. To buy very good wine nowadays requires only money. To serve it to your guests is a sign of fatigue. There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health. If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them. I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death if I could not have one, I would have the other. Modernity, the child of the Enlightenment, failed when it became apparent that the good society cannot be achieved by unaided reason. I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born. In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature. Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death! A woman's beauty is one of her great missions. Stone walls confine a tinker cold iron binds a witch but a musician's music can never be fettered, for it lives first in her heart and mind. It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then. If God has allowed me to earn so much money, it is because He knows I give it all away. Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages. Driving a cab is not really a nurturing type of relationship. You take people and they tip you, they may not tip you, you don't know their names, they don't care about you, you don't care about them. A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave. Like fragile ice anger passes away in time. You see so many earnest characters in movies all the time, everyone has a purpose. I sometimes skip meals when I travel. You know, the interesting thing about having traveled around the country as much as I have, and I think it's sort of inadvertently what made me come out or at least begin doing things within the community and thinking more about that, was that I get to travel quite a bit. My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home. The best activities for your health are pumping and humping. I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything. Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing. Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be true. A black agenda is jobs, jobs, jobs, quality education, investment in infrastructure and strong democratic regulation of corporations. The black agenda, at its best, looks at America from the vantage point of the least of these and asks what's best for all. Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. A life is not sufficiently elevated for poetry, unless, of course, the life has been made into an art. In 1989 when I switched from Democrat to Republican, with God as my witness, not one thing changed about what I believed about one man and one woman in a marriage or about diversity of color. That's a good thing. I'm thankful for the incredible advances in medicine that have taken place during my lifetime. I almost certainly wouldn't still be here if it weren't for them. To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious. Mothers, unless they were very poor, didn't work. Both of my parents had to leave education. My mother had to work in a cotton mill until 18 or 19, when she took some training in domestic science. Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. Hopefully this movie will help people understand that if a child is never given the tools to know how to love others and love and respect themselves, this is what happens. Life is hopefully long, so I don't know what the future will bring. I only have one child. But I am learning that there is a lot to being a parent that you did not expect. You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be. I missed my home - like the physicality of my home, I missed my friends and my family mostly and just hanging out and being in your home country - culturally it feels right and that is what I miss. I'm by no means condemning prescription medicine for mental health. I've seen it save a lot of people's lives. I'll give up this sort of touring madness certainly, but music-everything is based on music. No, I'll never stop my music. It's wonderful to travel with somebody that you love and we never travel anywhere without one another. I don't take a great deal of interest in party politics. Social politics interests me a great deal more. If we can but prevent the government from wasting the labours of the people, under the pretence of taking care of them, they must become happy. Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall. I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges. The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him. Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself. It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna. Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. I would be sad if it ended now. It's been the best job I've had by a long shot, especially creatively because the writing is so good. Every week I get the script and I laugh out loud and get excited for the different stuff we get to do. The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be. You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine. If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth. Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow. Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate. I grew up in a house where my father encouraged my brother and me to fail. I specifically remember coming home and saying, 'Dad, Dad, I tried out for this or that and I was horrible,' and he would high-five me and say, 'Way to go.' My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger. The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity. History is malleable. A new cache of diaries can shed new light, and archeological evidence can challenge our popular assumptions. My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown. It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank and independent. Tobey's a mellow, cool guy. He's just a good guy. I know that's not the answer you want, and I don't mean that as the political thing to say, but he's a nice guy. I am certain no one sets out to be cruel, but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it. As a society, we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost. The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century. It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at. Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person. Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit. I like food, like any other guy, but it is not the main thing in my life. I can do without it. The only risk of failure is promotion. The simplest of women are wonderful liars who can extricate themselves from the most difficult dilemmas with a skill bordering on genius. I don't know how many sacred cows there are today. I think there's a little confusion between humor and gross passing for humor. That's kind of regrettable. That sense of failure, I don't know where people put it who don't write songs and aren't able to emote physically. It must go somewhere. My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad. I gather from a lawyer that there was a rehearsal yesterday. We haven't a hope. I know the presiding judge too: I've had the misfortune to sleep with his wife. He was specially picked. Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. I love my parents. But I'm almost 28 and it's not fun to be asked, 'What are you doing today? What do you want for dinner? When are you going to be home?' It just makes you feel like a kid. It's this juxtaposition of feeling annoyed and really lucky to have people who love you so much. We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne. We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men. I think there was a revolution in poetry, associated chiefly with Eliot and Pound but maybe it is of the nature of revolutions or of the nature of history that their innovations should later come to look trivial or indistinguishable from technical tricks. Windows are as essential to office prestige as Christmas is to retailing. People try to treat technology as an object, and it can't be. It can only be a channel. My dad worked several jobs to pay for my expense in skating. I am optimistic that peace can be achieved in the region because I believe that every society on earth can be free and that if freedom comes to the Middle East, there can be peace. I think interviews can be fine. It's just there's this terrible fear of coming off wrongly or saying something that gets taken out of context. Acting can be pretty challenging. I can't say making a romantic comedy is challenging, but to do anything well, you have to put yourself into it. To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man. Our choices are going to determine the future for our children, our children's children, and their children. I take that responsibility very seriously. Peace if possible, truth at all costs. No matter how corrupt and unjust a convict may be, he loves fairness more than anything else. If the people placed over him are unfair, from year to year he lapses into an embittered state characterized by an extreme lack of faith. My own early crusade for same-sex marriage, for example, is now mainstream gay politics. It wasn't when I started. Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid. There are days when I struggle with wanting to be a full-time, stay-at-home mom, and feeling guilty about that because I work. Hollywood's just not funny. It's true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance? I wouldn't change a single thing, because one change alters every moment that follows it. Well, when I was a little girl we had 17 cats once. They all lived outside, and they kept having more kittens. My mom made us put little ribbons around each kitten's neck, put them in a wagon, and go door-to-door around the neighborhood to try to give them away. For there is a sound reasoning upon all flowers. For flowers are peculiarly the poetry of Christ. I'm at a point in my life where I have something solid now. I'm a peaceful person, and I want to be surrounded by peace no matter what I'm doing. A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing. No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable. That fear first created the gods is perhaps as true as anything so brief could be on so great a subject. The Constitution was the expression not only of a political faith, but also of political fears. It was wrought both as the organ of the national interest and as the bulwark of certain individual and local rights. Of these years nought remains in memory but the sad feeling that we have advanced and only grown older. Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques. You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you. Happiness is a byproduct of function, purpose, and conflict those who seek happiness for itself seek victory without war. The passionate controversies of one era are viewed as sterile preoccupations by another, for knowledge alters what we seek as well as what we find. It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men. After the United States entered the war, I joined the Naval Reserve and spent ninety days in a Columbia University dormitory learning to be a naval officer. What I know is my music gets blamed for school shootings. Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. Religion without morality is a superstition and a curse, and morality without religion is impossible. When the Senate ceases to engage nominees in meaningful discussion of legal issues, the confirmation process takes on an air of vacuity and farce, and the Senate becomes incapable of either properly evaluating nominees or appropriately educating the public. Moderation is part of faith, so those who accuse Muslim schools of fostering fanaticism should learn a bit more about Islam. It was 100 feet of 16 mm black-and-white film of a car coming to a stop sign, and driving off. I had to decide how to frame and light it. It was magic. There was a sense of mystery. The job of the Central Bank is to worry. You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy. Either you run the day or the day runs you. But he knew people and he was head writer for Have Gun Will Travel, and if you took those early Star Treks that we did and put us in a western wardrobe and put us on wagon train going west, we can say the same lines. Politics is a science. You can demonstrate that you are right and that others are wrong. There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends. The health industry, the fitness industry, was really starting to pick up. This was around the mid 80's. We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight. To advocate a New Order was to seek freedom and respect for peoples without prejudice, and to seek a stable basis for the existence all peoples, equally, and free of threats. And I don't want to live anywhere where I am famous. It makes me very, very uncomfortable, because it conveys an advantage over people, and I don't like that. An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense... that gold and economic freedom are inseparable. There was the best teachers from the Czech Philharmonic, highly dedicated people, some of the best musicians in the world passing on the knowledge about the country, about the principles, and about the music. With care, and skill, and cunning art, She parried Time's malicious dart, And kept the years at bay, Till passion entered in her heart and aged her in a day! Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary. Yeah, I've worked with a couple of female directors, now, and I think that they're amazing. As good or better than guy directors. Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us. A man at work, making something which he feels will exist because he is working at it and wills it, is exercising the energies of his mind and soul as well as of his body. Memory and imagination help him as he works. My main concern with the condition of mathematics in high school is that there's a lot of fear involved! Math is not, generally speaking, presented in a fun way. The concepts, as I see them, are fun, and that's the way I'd like to convey them myself. My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial. I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore. There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy. I now add, farther, that the apostle's argument is so far from proving it to be the duty of people to obey, and submit to, such rulers as act in contradiction to the public good, and so to the design of their office, that it proves the direct contrary. Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough. Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man. When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement. The position I took at the time was that we hadn't really examined any of the potential environmental consequences of introducing genetically modified organisms. Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form. Purity is not imposed upon us as though it were a kind of punishment, it is one of those mysterious but obvious conditions of that supernatural knowledge of ourselves in the Divine, which we speak of as faith. Impurity does not destroy this knowledge, it slays our need for it. It's amazing when you're playing to a crowd who barely understands English but they're singing parts of your song back to you. It is almost impossible to remember how tragic a place the world is when one is playing golf. To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best. The thing about being famous is, it's weird. The only people who get how weird it is are other famous people. I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. If I have enough money to eat I'm good. I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people. I found the offer of a knighthood something that I couldn't possibly accept. I found it to be somehow squalid, a knighthood. There's a relationship to government about knights. One must work and dare if one really wants to live. If you live in rock and roll, as I do, you see the reality of sex, of male lust and women being aroused by male lust. It attracts women. It doesn't repel them. If I were beginning my career today, I don't think I would take the same direction. Television is at a crossroads at the moment. And although I am not up to date technologically, I suspect that somewhere out there people are conveying things about natural history by means other than television, and I think if I were beginning today, I'd be there. The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out... without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, intolerable. I don't have pet peeves I have whole kennels of irritation. Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it. I come from a family of losers, and I've rejected my family as something I don't want to be like. When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house. Anyone who has passed though the regular gradations of a classical education, and is not made a fool by it, may consider himself as having had a very narrow escape. I don't particularly dislike any kind of person that might be reading my stuff. They like it and that's cool, but I don't do the work for any kind of group in particular, except for hobos, who just plain kick ass and light up my life. In many ways, when you're a Nobel peace laureate, you have an obligation to humankind, to society. I feel like we're a very good top-10 car, but we really have to work hard and find a unique way to get these top fives. Really big people are, above everything else, courteous, considerate and generous - not just to some people in some circumstances - but to everyone all the time. Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses. I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. I just dragged myself through GCSE and A Levels, so it suited me very much to go on to drama school, which was very active. There is nobody so irritating as somebody with less intelligence and more sense than we have. A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life. The road to success is filled with women pushing their husbands along. The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with. Humor is just another defense against the universe. Every time I get up in the morning, melodies occur to me and I start trying to shape lyrics to melodies. But, it's because we have a harder way to succeed in life as Serbs because of the past that we had and because of the history that we had. We have to dig deeper and we have to do much more in order to be seen and to be spotted. Truth is the silliest thing under the sun. Try to get a living by the Truth and go to the Soup Societies. Heavens! Let any clergyman try to preach the Truth from its very stronghold, the pulpit, and they would ride him out of his church on his own pulpit bannister. Sometimes movie-making happens like clockwork other times, like a car accident. So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money? It is a sore point, because you do have advantages if you have access to more than one language. You also have problems, because on bad days you don't trust yourself, either in your first or your second language, and so you feel like a complete halfwit. As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot. When they see me holding fish, they can see that I am comfortable with kings as well as with paupers. I became famous so quickly and so young - it was daunting. I was immature and I used to say some really stupid things in interviews. I never smiled on stage so I looked really serious, but it was because I hated my teeth and was incredibly nervous. But whenever history is in the making, there's some kind of intangible feeling. Although images of perfection in people's personal lives can cause unhappiness, images of perfect societies - utopian images - can cause monstrous evil. In fact, forcefully changing society to conform to societal images was the greatest cause of evil in the twentieth century. I never drank except a couple sips of wine at Thanksgiving. We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace. We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that. I don't necessarily start with the beginning of the book. I just start with the part of the story that's most vivid in my imagination and work forward and backward from there. Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself. I watch too much cable, I admit. Day after day it gets frustrating. Yesterday I watched as someone called legislation to prevent teacher layoffs a bailout - but I know that's not a view held by many, nor were the views I was frustrated about. Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice. Don't give me any money, don't give me any people, but give freedom, and I'll give you a movie that looks gigantic. The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience. Well, Judy, I would hope in the new year, we could start thinking about politics not like it was the Super Bowl, where you always have to have one team that wins and the other team has to be a loser. Always keep learning. It keeps you young. How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude! God gives some more than others because some accept more than others. Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave. I don't think there's anybody in America who thinks my personality is best suited to being Number Two. It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation. In books lies the soul of the whole past time. The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. There is an absolutely fundamental hostility on the part of totalitarian regimes toward religion. There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best. War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else. Ah, well, the truth is always one thing, but in a way it's the other thing, the gossip, that counts. It shows where people's hearts lie. The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities. The big question society will have to answer is whether it wants computers thinking like humans. I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows. We don't want the efficiency of the federal government and the compassion of the IRS to run our health care. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Longhorns are unique - each and every one of them is a different color with a different design. We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know? I don't think I'm such an amazing person who needs to be written about. I don't think children's inner feelings have changed. They still want a mother and father in the very same house they want places to play. People try to live within their income so they can afford to pay taxes to a government that can't live within its income. Abstraction is real, probably more real than nature. I got the wake-up call that no one is policing our oceans. I wondered, how can I do anything? What really can I do to make things better? There are some perks to being a celebrity. My job is to be funny once in a while, but it's my responsibility to make good use of it. Surrealism had a great effect on me because then I realised that the imagery in my mind wasn't insanity. Surrealism to me is reality. In the history of America, we've never had an energy plan. We don't even realize the resources we have available to us. The future author is one who discovers that language, the exploration and manipulation of the resources of language, will serve him in winning through to his way. The secret of our success is that we never, never give up. My favorite traditional Christmas movie that I like to watch is All Quiet on the Western Front. It's just not December without that movie in my house. Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal. It was great fun. We had gone on tour in between the sessions and reconnected with the audience and got a lot of energy back from them, a lot of positive energy. Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world. I am very happy since when I am in different cities I can experience and learn different cultures! No one out there is interested in who did what to whom in Westminster politics. You ask any moviemaker what their favorite movie experience was, and they'll say it was one of the first ones, where everyone had to pitch in and do everything together, and you had to struggle. Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now. I want Maggie Gyllenhaal. I don't know why. I don't think she necessarily looks like me or acts like me, I just think she's a cool actress and she could play me, so there you go. The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. I used to think that cyberspace was fifty years away. What I thought was fifty years away, was only ten years away. And what I thought was ten years away... it was already here. I just wasn't aware of it yet. Better be alone than in bad company. You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working in just the same way, you learn to love by loving. We work to become, not to acquire. I learnt more about politics during one South Dakota dust storm than in seven years at the university. A man can believe a considerable deal of rubbish, and yet go about his daily work in a rational and cheerful manner. Knowledge of other people's beliefs and ways of thinking must be used to build bridges, not to create conflicts. Nothing is as peevish and pedantic as men's judgments of one another. And they like being able to turn on the television day in and day out to see someone that they know and they feel comfortable with and trust hopefully and respect even. You come to a point in your life when you really don't care what people think about you, you just care what you think about yourself. I used to work all the time, and now if there is a wedding, there's a concert, I'm there. The word theatre comes from the Greeks. It means the seeing place. It is the place people come to see the truth about life and the social situation. Royalties are not how most writers or musicians make their living. Musicians by and large make a living with a relationship with an audience that is economically harnessed through performance and ticket sales. When I came to New York, I began to meet the people who became the most famous artists of our time. I was insecure about my own level of ability, I didn't know whether I could compete with these people and, at the same time. I was wondering what is this anyway? Digital imaging has untied our hands with regards to technical limitations. We no longer have to be arbiters of technology we get to participate in the interpretation of technology into creative content. I know my limitations, and I don't like politics. I was only involved because of my husband. My parents were the same in the pulpit as they were at home. I think that's where a lot of preachers' kids get off base sometimes. Because they don't see the same things at both places. My father was very big on marriage. People really do make the assumption that I had some weirdo Hollywood upbringing, but my parents are incredibly down-to-earth people who worked really hard to raise us in a way that was health. Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles. A lot of people think I'm that guy in 'Betsy's Wedding', but I'm not. What it is for me is that, on some level, I connect with the character emotionally. You want a hero in the music world? James Brown. He brought a feeling to music without really using words. He's just famous for his sound. With gridlock the norm, Congress's approval rating is below 10 percent and the public has lost faith in its national leadership. I don't think anything changes until ideas change. The usual American viewpoint is to believe that something is wrong with the person. I do not believe abortion should be legal. Learning is pleasurable but doing is the height of enjoyment. A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it. The importance that our society attaches to sport is incredible. After all, is football a game or a religion? The people of this country have allowed sports to get completely out of hand. The accumulation of numbers always augments in some measure moral corruptions, and the consequences to health of the various vices incident thereto, are well known. No matter how dark things may get in a story, I feel it's the responsibility of the storyteller to leave the audience with at least a shred of hope. Thoughts have power thoughts are energy. And you can make your world or break it by your own thinking. And it is no less true, that personal security and private property rest entirely upon the wisdom, the stability, and the integrity of the courts of justice. With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor. When you buy a gallon of gas, over 60 percent of the energy you pay for goes out the radiator in the form of waste heat? That's why you have a radiator in your car in the first place. On the one hand, I've had such a normal upbringing with my mum, who has kept me grounded, but on the other, the wild experiences through my dad. We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people. After my second-to-last record, 'The Greatest', I had gone on tour for a while, and I didn't play an instrument for about five years. And I got kind of - it's not self-esteem or whatever, or anger toward myself - but disappointed in myself that I hadn't been challenging myself to learn musically. Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked. I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world. Protein engineering is a technology of molecular machines - of molecular machines that are part of replicators - and so it comes from an area that already raises some of the issues that nanotechnology will raise. Everybody at home speaks mandarin except me. Too many people say to their brokers, I can't deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. That's the worst attitude you can have. Anybody who has gone through a life-changing experience will tell you there is a different understanding of what is real and what is important, and when you are going through different moments, you can reflect and go, 'I have been through worse.' Design my own line? No, I just like the culture. I always wanted to work at 'Take A Break' magazine, you know, just to inject a little bit of politics into their stories. I applied for a job there after I'd done my law degree and didn't even get an interview. I only wrote 'Garnethill' because I didn't get that job! Thirteen thousand dollars a year is not enough to raise a family. That's not enough to pay your bills and save for their future. That's barely enough to provide for even the most basic needs. Why can't all different types of women be considered beautiful? Why can't we can't we all be considered possible love interests? Somewhere near you, somebody right now is trying to help the indigent and poor - providing food, shelter, clothing or simple kindness. I believe that we parents must encourage our children to become educated, so they can get into a good college that we cannot afford. Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death. None of my actions have ever sort of been motored by the search for a husband or wondering if I was going to have a family someday or wanting to live in a really great house or thinking it would be really great to have a diamond. The computer is a moron. If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting. I absolutely don't care about my looks and I'm so used to them that I wouldn't change a thing. I would end up missing my defects. Great authors are admirable in this respect: in every generation they make for disagreement. Through them we become aware of our differences. Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are. I'd always felt very strongly in the power of vocation. Kolkata is a great city, has great food and great people. We had some problems finding the kind of old buildings we were looking for, and even handling the crowds, but on the whole it was fun shooting there. Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient. I don't want to be reincarnated, that's for sure. When you've had rewarding experiences in your life - a loving family, friends - you don't need additional reassurances that you're going to do something with a new cast of characters. I'd just as soon pass. The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it. Very often when you see families it's all perfect and neat, and parenting isn't like that. You do have constant negotiations. Things are ever developing and ever changing, and you constantly have to evaluate how you deal with your kids. We learned in World War II that no single nation holds a monopoly on wisdom, morality or right to power, but that we must fight for the weak and promote democracy. When I was twelve, I went hunting with my father and we shot a bird. He was laying there and something struck me. Why do we call this fun to kill this creature who was as happy as I was when I woke up this morning. Most American children suffer too much mother and too little father. The possibilities that are suggested in quantum physics tell us that everything that we're looking at may not be in fact there, so the underlying nature of being is weird. I'd definitely be the kind of parent who enabled my child's dreams. I'd just watch and nurture and guide them. I have the blueprints of what not to do... I think I'd be a good parent, actually. Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's. Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions. Ambition is an idol, on whose wings great minds are carried only to extreme to be sublimely great or to be nothing. The best director is the one you don't see. People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to. Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old. There was a time when someone would get on a plane and request to move their seat just because the person sitting next to them was of a different ethnicity or religion or nationality. But I don't think my generation wants that. That's how it used to be. It's a little bit in the genes because my brother is a journalist and my father was a sports writer. Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things. Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown. I wasn't a financial pro, and I paid the price. People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me. I sailboat raced, I love to go out on my motorcycle alone, but I also love my family dearly. I love that aspect of my life as well. I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime. The Earth reminded us of a Christmas tree ornament hanging in the blackness of space. As we got farther and farther away it diminished in size. Finally it shrank to the size of a marble, the most beautiful marble you can imagine. You don't kill your way to peace. The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them. Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking. In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation because we're so caught up in playing with the technology, we forget about the fact that it was supposed to be important. Your library is your paradise. We have a lot to gain through furthering stem cell research, but medical breakthroughs should be fundamentally about saving, not destroying, human life. Therefore, I support stem cell research that does not destroy the embryo. You're entitled to Medicaid regardless of your income. Don't worry about your health care. Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another. It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I've gone and come back, I'll find it at home. And if you're not going to have a clear health threat, you don't want to panic people. I like the personality of the Belgians. They're deeply eccentric, which is something that comes across in their design - terrific. Life magazine ran a page featuring me and three other girls that was clearly the precursor of Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues. My mother and dad were big animal lovers, too. I just don't know how I would have lived without animals around me. I'm fascinated by them - both domestic pets and the wild community. They just are the most interesting things in the world to me, and it's made such a difference in my lifetime. I love acting. It's my playground, it let's me explore. But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting. There's never been a culture that wasn't obsessed with food. The sort of sad thing is that our obsession is no longer with food, but with the price of food. The only thing of weight that can be said against modern honor is that it is directly opposite to religion. The one bids you bear injuries with patience, the other tells you if you don't resent them, you are not fit to live. In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom. Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry. God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own. Fanatics do not have faith - they have belief. With faith you let go. You trust. Whereas with belief you cling. Skepticism has never founded empires, established principals, or changed the world's heart. The great doers in history have always been people of faith. Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future. Write in recollection and amazement for yourself. I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same. May the same Almighty Goodness banish the accursed monster, war, from all lands, with her hated associates, rapine and insatiable ambition! Resolve not to be poor: whatever you have, spend less. Poverty is a great enemy to human happiness it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes some virtues impracticable, and others extremely difficult. My painting teacher in high school used to say, 'I can't paint like I want to, but through practice I'll get better.' But I don't think that's true. I think sometimes you just can't paint. Filming 'Eclipse' - Eclipse was my favorite book so I was really excited to start filming the movie. I just love that it's the height of the love triangle. 'Twilight' develops Edward and Bella's relationship, 'New Moon' develops Jacob and Bella's and in 'Eclipse,' the three of them are physically together. Peace hath higher tests of manhood, than battle ever knew. One can find women who have never had one love affair, but it is rare indeed to find any who have had only one. Today the people from my State of Tennessee would listen to this debate, or even talk about a reference to God on our money or in the Halls of Congress or in our Pledge and say, please, let common sense and logic win the day and prevail versus legal mumbo jumbo. There is no doubt that religion had already waned under the onslaught of the Enlightenment, but it was Freud who provided the radically new understanding of human nature that made any religious explanation of the whats and whys of our personhood seem naive. That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for. The biggest thrill a ballplayer can have is when your son takes after you. That happened when my Bobby was in his championship Little League game. He really showed me something. Struck out three times. Made an error that lost the game. Parents were throwing things at our car and swearing at us as we drove off. Gosh, I was proud. Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if you're in a crowd, you'll always have some clean air to breathe. I'm thankful that my memory is good because my vision is going. 'American Horror' goes for a very specific kind of Seventies suburban downer ambience - 'Flowers in the Attic' paperbacks, Black Sabbath album covers and late-night flicks like 'Let's Scare Jessica to Death.' It even has 'Go Ask Alice'-era urban legends. Life is an adventure in forgiveness. The American people want to have trust in their leaders. Money for me today does not really matter. People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama. In some states militant nationalism has gone to the lengths of dictatorship, the cult of the absolute or totalitarian state and the glorification of war. The reason most people don't express their individuality and actually deny it, is not fear of what prime ministers think of us or the head of the federal reserve, It's what their families and their friends down at the bar are going to think of them. I've always been around dudes and sports. But you know, my dad called me the laziest white kid he ever met. When I screamed back at him that he was putting down a race of people to call me lazy, his answer was that's not what he was doing, and that I was also the dumbest white kid he ever met. I don't want a huge wedding. I don't want it to be some huge spectacle. I literally was famous before I knew my own name. Human Nature is the only science of man and yet has been hitherto the most neglected. A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt. I don't like Bush. I don't trust him. I don't like his record. He's stupid. He's lazy. The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals. Truth cannot be defeated. The sound and music are 50% of the entertainment in a movie. When Fortune smiles, I smile to think how quickly she will frown. I sort of try to write everything for me. I'm a huge sports fan but have no interest in minutiae. I don't remember who won Super Bowls five years ago or listen to sports talk radio. I'm trying to make sure the jokes are self-contained so they're accessible to everyone. There is a set of religious, or rather moral, writings which teach that virtue is the certain road to happiness, and vice to misery in this world. A very wholesome and comfortable doctrine, and to which we have but one objection, namely, that it is not true. It has become part of the accepted wisdom to say that the twentieth century was the century of physics and the twenty-first century will be the century of biology. The reason Gov. Romney passed Romneycare as governor of Massachusetts in 2006 was because many Republicans viewed health care reform, mandates and all, as a way to inoculate against Democratic charges that Republicans didn't care about people who lacked health insurance. Fear of failure has always been my best motivator. Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen. I would love to direct but I feel like directing is a whole separate craft and so I tend to respect it as a separate craft that I would need to study first. So, right now I'm still trying to do certain things as an actor and until I get bored of that or I feel completely fed by that then I'll move into directing. I deeply adored my mum. She was an extraordinary person, even for the prejudice I'm likely to have. She was beautiful, amusing, a tremendous elaborator of things into comic proportions and extravagant in her imagination. What an amazing opportunity to do something like direct a movie and step out of your creative comfort zone and yet do something that is also so familiar at the same time. I was also just excited to have the chance to direct, which I may never get to do again. I think people are realizing that engineering and science are extremely good degrees to get and you'll be very highly paid once you've got them. The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination. Speaking of Twitter, I don't even know if I composed a blog entry in 2009, as I was too busy parceling my every thought into cute 140-character sound bites. I used to only worry about being pithy for a living now some of my best lines are wasted on a free app! When I was 7, I came up with the idea of 'charm socks.' My mom would take me to buy bags of plastic charms, we would sew them on frilly white socks, and I sold them at school. Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver. Al Qaeda is not the organization now that it was before. It is under stress organizationally. Its leadership spends more time trying to figure out how to keep from getting caught than they do trying to launch operations. My particular aesthetic of light and color and design wouldn't change as a result of working with computer graphics rather than with slit scan or miniatures. I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. It's amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if you're not near Central Park, there's nowhere to go, but there's a whole ecosystem happening down here. But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money. The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity. Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done. Tact and diplomacy are fine in international relations, in politics, perhaps even in business in science only one thing matters, and that is the facts. If I do a poetry reading I want people to walk out and say they feel better for having been there - not because you've done a comedy performance but because you're talking about your father dying or having young children, things that touch your soul. My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine. I tend to think of action movies as exuberant morality plays in which good triumphs over evil. Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off. Coming Home had been made before and Apocalypse Now and Deer Hunter, different kinds of movies. I've got heaps of dreams. I like doing food as a focal point on my table. It is not like going out and buying flowers or candles, which are expensive. I don't imagine Heads of Government would ever be able to say I'm not an economist therefore I can't take decisions on matters of the economy I'm not a soldier I can't take decisions on matters of defence I'm not an educationist so I can't take decisions about education. Existence itself does not feel horrible it feels like an ecstasy, rather, which we have only to be still to experience. The sum and substance of female education in America, as in England, is training women to consider marriage as the sole object in life, and to pretend that they do not think so. My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her. Architecture is a art when one consciously or unconsciously creates aesthetic emotion in the atmosphere and when this environment produces well being. I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale. Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them. Books are the money of Literature, but only the counters of Science. Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come. He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage. The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim. High and low culture come together in all Post Modern art, and American poetry is not excluded from this. When I was a child, I wanted to be an actor, but I had really bad buckteeth. I didn't want to get braces, but my mom said I couldn't be an actor if I didn't get the braces. So, I got the braces. What Clinton did with Lewinsky was despicable but was no threat to the nation. That he lied about it repeatedly and to the public is a reason for us to cease to trust him and for him to resign. I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person. The president, just as any other American, deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer. I eventually became proud of my strikeouts, because each one represented another learning experience. Only weeks after Oslo began, when nearly all the world and most of Israel was drunk with the idea of peace, I argued that a Palestinian society not constrained by democratic norms would be a fear society that would pose a grave threat to Israel. A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion. People like Frank Zappa were amazing for us Brits. You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt. What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. On the publicity tour of 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding,' I was asked over and over again, if, as the writer, I felt it was a fair depiction of real life to have someone of my er, below average looks, hook up with hottie John Corbett. I like America. I think it's pretty cool. I would love to do a biopic of a famous singer, like Diana Ross or Donna Summer, or an old jazz story that we haven't seen before. I would love to do that! I would love to play Diana Ross 'cause she's an icon. I'm salivating to do that. The funny thing is that I'm the girl who no one sees at the beach. Ask anyone who's traveled with me. Normally, I'm in so many layers, I look like Lawrence of Arabia! Happiness, that grand mistress of the ceremonies in the dance of life, impels us through all its mazes and meanderings, but leads none of us by the same route. It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success. There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence. There is still no cure for the common birthday. Most 'reality' shows aren't reality at all. They're game shows with no prize. Like 'Rock of Love.' His aren't genuine feelings. Then again, Bob Barker didn't really care whether or not you won the toaster. Sorry to shatter everyone's dreams. I believe that, like most writers, my personality comes through in the fiction. So in that respect my writing can't be like any other author's really. I don't need the money, dear. I work for art. I'll do strength training in my dressing room between shoots, and I've been known to make business calls while out jogging. I try to mute myself on Bluetooth so they can't hear me huffing and puffing, but I usually end up getting caught. I was drafted during the Korean War. When a child, my dreams rode on your wishes, I was your son, high on your horse, My mind a top whipped by the lashes Of your rhetoric, windy of course. To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy. What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know. Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.' Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime. So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge. Indeed science alone may perhaps be sterile when pursued without an understanding of the world in which scientific knowledge is created and in which the fruits of science are used. If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal. I want everything I do to have humor in it, because it seems to me that all of life has that. I always watched movies and rooted for the bad guys, you know? I've always been that kind of guy. I still hold some respect for criminals that are good at their jobs. It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything. Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace. The thing about being at home versus being out in the world working is, it's a whole different vibe. When I'm home with my kids and partner, I will cook - even though she's a very good cook. She's learned over the years. We started with basics, you know, how to saute onions, how to saute mushrooms. Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. The industrial processes in use today were developed at a time when no one had to consider what the environmental impact was. Who cared? But making ecological concerns matter to a company's bottom line will help it do the research and development that will reinvent everything we buy. Money for me today does not really matter. I lost my second marriage because of drinking, and I loved the woman very much. But I thought I needed booze to write. I'm glad I was disabused. Experience has taught me never to trust a policeman. Just when you think one's all right, he turns legit. I have a little kitchen office at home, where I do all my kids' stuff. When I was in high school, there was 'Superbad' and 'The Girl Next Door' and 'Wedding Crashers' and all these great movies. You hope to be a part of something that's smart, funny and in that Todd Phillips-vein. You want to make something like 'Superbad.' That movie was so good and so funny. I've got a great cigar collection - it's actually not a collection, because that would imply I wasn't going to smoke every last one of 'em. Love is the answer, and you know that for sure Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow. My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world. No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches. I'm not really into gourmet food I'm the kind of guy who just stops by a place that looks good rather than heading for the restaurant of the moment. I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following. What we call a poem is mostly what is not there on the page. The strength of any poem is the poems that it has managed to exclude. I don't see how the party that says it's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families that have been here a quarter century. Students never think it can be the teacher's fault and so I thought I was stupid. I was frustrated and would come home and cry because I couldn't do it. Then we got a new teacher who made math accessible. That made all the difference and I learned that it's how you present it that makes it scary or friendly. How many deaf people do you know in real life? Unless they live in a cave, or are 14, which seems to be true for most people in this business, what could I possibly tell them that they don't already know? A college education shows a man how little other people know. There was a time when nails were high-tech. There was a time when people had to be told how to use a telephone. Technology is just a tool. People use tools to improve their lives. The ground we walk on, the plants and creatures, the clouds above constantly dissolving into new formations - each gift of nature possessing its own radiant energy, bound together by cosmic harmony. I get some of my ideas from watching my three daughters, but most of them come from my own memories of growing up. I can remember how romantic I was, not just about love, but romance in the classic sense - the romantic ideals: of honor and truth, of loyalty, sacrifice and fairness. Those were the elements that made a story satisfying to me. Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning. I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art you're an idiot. I'd always thought the Rats were good fun, but one of the very nice things about being of Saga age is that I can actually look back and think, When I was younger I was in a great band. It was always a collective thing. We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. A man's friendships are, like his will, invalidated by marriage - but they are also no less invalidated by the marriage of his friends. Empathy is really the opposite of spiritual meanness. It's the capacity to understand that every war is both won and lost. And that someone else's pain is as meaningful as your own. In business, you're the Chief Salesman. Create a sense of demand, rather than waiting to have demand. Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living? It's interesting because people assume that because I'm famous I know all famous people. People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point. I'd like to feel that an advertiser gets something extra when they advertise with us - a certain humanity that comes from upbeat and positive human interest letters and success stories. It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being. Respect the masterpiece. It is true reverence to man. There is no quality so great, none so much needed now. I want to serve chess through games, books that are works of art. I would like to bring the game closer to many people all over the world. While there are towns and cities still planning Memorial Day parades, many have not held a parade in decades. Some think the day is for honoring anyone who has died, not just those fallen in service to our country. Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth. 'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business. I have a chaperone everywhere I go - my mom. Written poetry is different. Best thing is to see it in performance first, then read it. Performance is more provocative. People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error. Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself. Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended. The Endangered Species Act is the strongest and most effective tool we have to repair the environmental harm that is causing a species to decline. My entire life has been an attempt to get back to the kind of feelings you have on a field. The sense of brotherhood, the esprit de corps, the focus - there being no past or future, just the ball. As trite as it sounds, I was happiest playing ball. If we keep on ignoring and leaving children to their own devices at home, they become latchkey kids, and trust me, the consequences of that are not good. I did try to get a few of those teen high-school movies, but they just didn't like me. I guess I wasn't a certain type. Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. My best investment is my imagination, because it has never failed to bring me my greatest returns! The Arab-Israeli conflict is also in many ways a conflict about status: it's a war between two peoples who feel deeply humiliated by the other, who want the other to respect them. Battles over status can be even more intractable than those over land or water or oil. Because when you have millions of people with this kind of need for gratification, and the culture is saying that it's possible for everyone to satisfy all of their needs and desires all of the time, there are obviously going to be clashes - clashes of ego. In almost everything, experience is more valuable than precept. Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasures are. It was just very interesting to me that certain types of women inspire people's imagination, and all of them were very difficult women. It is simply a fact that the birth rate of our illegal immigrants exceeds that of our legal residents. Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia. Truth is a good dog but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out. It is the work of fancy to enlarge, but of judgment to shorten and contract and therefore this must be as far above the other as judgment is a greater and nobler faculty than fancy or imagination. You'd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do. Be very clear as to what your dream is. Nowadays it is fairly certain that 90 percent of all actors really just want to be rich and famous as the solution to all that ails. Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err. If the amount of money going into the war economy were invested in landscape restoration, we would be in a far more positive position. It may get a little dire before we pull together, but I think when the prosperous nations, and in particular the U.S., realize they're wrecking their own kids' lives, there will be a mass change in value. We're very open and outspoken about our faith and our beliefs. We also talk about our doubts, our moments of insecurities. We talk about it all day, how we're inspired by God. We recognize little miracles every day, and that's how we're raising our daughter. It's a great mistake, I think, to put children off with falsehoods and nonsense, when their growing powers of observation and discrimination excite in them a desire to know about things. I think there has been a great deal of valuable revisionism in women's history. Never in my wildest dreams did I entertain the idea that I would become a fashion designer. Freedom and justice cannot be parceled out in pieces to suit political convenience. I don't believe you can stand for freedom for one group of people and deny it to others. Whatever you do, do it with all your might. Work at it, early and late, in season and out of season, not leaving a stone unturned, and never deferring for a single hour that which can be done just as well now. If you are tired of partisanship over patriotism, you need to vote for a change in direction. I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle. Exclusively of the abstract sciences, the largest and worthiest portion of our knowledge consists of aphorisms: and the greatest and best of men is but an aphorism. You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid. Happiness is perfume, you can't pour it on somebody else without getting a few drops on yourself. Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on. You cannot transpose the U.S. system on Turkey, and the Turkish system on France etc. You have to understand the people and their culture. That's leadership. I've changed my life in a lot of ways. I'm a mom, a wife, and a Christian. Some of the things I expressed in my early 20s aren't what I care to express right now. You know, comics and movies, even if you take a comic and turn it into a movie, we can't all be Joss Whedon. Bad attitudes will ruin your team. Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us. While Free Choice Vouchers didn't fulfill my vision of a health care system in which every American would be empowered to hire and fire their insurance company, they were a foothold for choice and competition and a safety valve for Americans whose employers are already forcing them to bear more and more of their family's health insurance costs. Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to give bad examples. If you hug to yourself any resentment against anybody else, you destroy the bridge by which God would come to you. A man's sentiments are generally just and right, while it is second selfish thought which makes him trim and adopt some other view. The best reforms are worked out when sentiment operates, as it does in women, with the indignation of righteousness. I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself? All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war they make it tour the world. When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts. It's horrible when people are only interested in buying labels, because it doesn't bring them the happiness they think it will. The Imperial German Government will not expect the Government of the United States to omit any word or any act necessary to the performance of its sacred duty of maintaining the rights of the United States and its citizens and of safeguarding their free exercise and enjoyment. Marriage - a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose. I'm as obsessive with health as I was with destruction. I would rather have peace in the world than be President. Such security is equal liberty. But it is not necessarily equality in the use of the earth. I look for people who're passionate, dedicated to the text, and in whom I trust completely. They say I'm the Hottest MC in the Game. If you label me that, I will live up to it. Trust me. I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me. I mean, I don't think I'm alone when I look at the homeless person or the bum or the psychotic or the drunk or the drug addict or the criminal and see their baby pictures in my mind's eye. You don't think they were cute like every other baby? All the evidence shows very clearly that if you are a member of a trade union you are likely to get better pay, more equal pay, better health and safety, more chance to get training, more chance to have conditions of work that help if you have caring responsibilities... the list goes on! Freedom is absolutely necessary for the progress in science and the liberal arts. Racism has been for everyone like a horrible, tragic car crash, and we've all been heavily sedated from it. If we don't come into consciousness of this tragedy, there's going to be a violent awakening we don't want. The question is, can we wake up? Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself. We have a lot of existing customers which are also considering Linux desktop migrations and rolling out some of these programs, so we're learning from them. Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art. There were points in my life where I felt oddly irresistible to women. I'm not in that state now and that makes me sad. If you're a kid who's not necessarily attractive, and you don't have money, and you're not hip and cool, chances are you're not going to feel good about yourself and want to be an actor. You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long. That's how you get a performance - they put trust in you. The network is opening up some amazing possibilities for us to reinvent content, reinvent collaboration. For us, sons of France, political sentiment is a passion while, for the Englishmen, politics are a question of business. The golden age is before us, not behind us. I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind. I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli. For there is a sound reasoning upon all flowers. For flowers are peculiarly the poetry of Christ. I think my dad is the only Arabic descendent who is an unsuccessful businessman. I don't think children's inner feelings have changed. They still want a mother and father in the very same house they want places to play. The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness. A film's success or failure is strictly on the director's shoulders. Young people can get very discouraged and get hooked on drugs or on alcohol because of problems they perceive as insurmountable. It is important that they realize a mistake need not ruin their future, but they must also know that not everything in life is a bed of roses. Yet what you need is not marches, demonstrations, rallies or wide associations, all of them are important. What you need is direct action. The sooner people understand that, the sooner we'll begin to change things. Most people repent their sins by thanking God they ain't so wicked as their neighbors. I regard sports first and foremost as entertainment, so dry documentary narration is not for me. I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care. I want to branch out. I want to write. I write poetry. I want to see my children grow up well. Difficult years lie ahead, patience is required. I've become so earthy. And I never was earthy. I'm doing all kinds of different roles which are not at all like the intellectual and the legal mind of Ben Stone. The honest truth is that if this government were to propose the massacre of the first-born, it would still have no difficulty in getting it through the Commons. We need a type of patriotism that recognizes the virtues of those who are opposed to us. The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged. When you're playing the same dirty dozen night after night, the moments that keep it fresh are those when you just let go and trust everyone. I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived. Early this morning, I signed my death warrant. At first I was queasy I'll never forget the sound of the scalpel cutting a body open. But it was so cool trying to work out how these people died. Americans' addiction to sports, with the NFL at the top, is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes. War is a profane thing. But, I think it's great to be able to work with established directors, and then also first-timers. I feel like you learn from both of them, but then you can go and share your knowledge with each of them. That's really fantastic! While knowledge may provide useful point of reference, it cannot become a force to guide the future. I'd love to act more. I've had to turn down multiple movies because I was on tour, but it's encouraging to know that someday there might be the right role, the right timing. And I've been writing a lot of music, so hopefully very soon I'll have recorded a project of my own. I also want to get a boat and open a restaurant. Power can be taken, but not given. The process of the taking is empowerment in itself. In Mexico, theater is very underground, so if you're a theater actor it's very difficult to make a living. But it's also a very beautiful pathway to knowledge and to an open education. We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying. I now bid farewell to the country of my birth - of my passions - of my death a country whose misfortunes have invoked my sympathies - whose factions I sought to quell - whose intelligence I prompted to a lofty aim - whose freedom has been my fatal dream. Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved. Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God. Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings. I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life. We must always remember that America is a great nation today not because of what government did for people but because of what people did for themselves and for one another. Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity. You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things. I suffered from post-natal depression after Rowan was born. I had a healthy, beautiful baby girl and I couldn't look at her. I couldn't hold her, smile at her. All I wanted was to disappear and die. A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not be done. I told my father to stop smoking around the age of two or three years old and he stopped smoking. So the relationship between the kid and the parent is very powerful, and if you give the kid the right information, it can be very useful to the family. The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity. The big shift in approach on education that we are taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads. I was dating a guy that was a huge wrestling fan and I'm embarrassed to say it now but I used to make fun of him for watching it. All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people. M*A*S*H offered real characters and everybody identified with them because they had such soul. The humor was intelligent and it always assumed that you had an intellect. You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul. May Heaven be propitious, and smile on the cause of my country. Both dreams and myths are important communications from ourselves to ourselves. If we do not understand the language in which they are written, we miss a great deal of what we know and tell ourselves in those hours when we are not busy manipulating the outside world. Custom is our nature. What are our natural principles but principles of custom? I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive. We're not trying to harass the average American. We need to convert this now to a risk-based system, with TSA concentrating and focusing on intelligence, on security, setting up again the parameters of which we do this. My music fights against the system that teaches to live and die. Every once in a while, you live long enough to get the respect that people didn't want to give while you were trying to become a senior citizen. I saw science as being in harmony with humanity. My diminished girth, in tailor phraseology, was hardly conceivable even by my own friends, or my respected medical adviser, until I put on my former clothing, over what I now wear, which is a thoroughly convincing proof of the remarkable change. Cinema is visually powerful, it is a complete experience, reaches a different audience. It's something I really like. I like movies. What I've learned is that you really don't need to be a celebrity or have money or have the paparazzi following you around to be famous. I'm a Hollywood writer, so I put on my sports jacket and take off my brain. There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy. In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word 'frustration'. My dad was born in Chicago in 1908... his parents came from Russia. They settled in Chicago, where they lived in a little tiny grocery store with eight or nine children - in the backroom all together - and my grandmother got the idea to go into the movie business. I'd like to see much more understanding of emotional issues around hurt, abandonment, disappointment, longing, failure and shame, where they stem from and how they drive people and policies brought into public discourse. The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another. Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference. For too long, our country's version of an energy policy has consisted of Americans waking up every day and wondering how much it will cost to drive to work, how much it will cost to keep their business running, how much it will cost to heat or cool their homes. To me, we're marketing hope. There are realities we all share, regardless of our nationality, language, or individual tastes. As we need food, so do we need emotional nourishment: love, kindness, appreciation, and support from others. They become the keepers of the mystery. They place themselves between the communicants of the religion, and the immediate experience. And then they dictate the terms on which you can have contact with this wonderful mystery. We don't dictate those terms. Music shouldn't be based around money or politics. Music should be a bunch of people that really do great songs together doing them together for the pursuit of having a good time. I blame my mother for my poor sex life. All she told me was 'the man goes on top and the woman underneath.' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds. I am two with nature. For me, if I can design beautiful things that have the price be lower, I am thrilled. It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life. Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months. The government needs to help those in need, but members of Congress shouldn't take advantage of the situation and use a national tragedy as an opportunity to spend taxpayer dollars on their pet projects. I like to give dimension to shots inside action scenes. It's demanding because you have to rehearse a lot of things happening at the same time and frame all those things in a shot. But I feel like when you accomplish that then you've got a cool action scene. For every person who has ever lived there has come, at last, a spring he will never see. Glory then in the springs that are yours. The only way you can have it all is by delegating all the running of the home to other people - which I don't ever want to do... So you do it yourself, and it takes time and energy and effort. And if you give it the time, it's profoundly enjoyable. I want to go ahead of Father Time with a scythe of my own. A society that has made 'nostalgia' a marketable commodity on the cultural exchange quickly repudiates the suggestion that life in the past was in any important way better than life today. The president, just as any other American, deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer. I used to eat because food tastes so good. I love food, it's one of the best things on this planet. But I changed the way I was thinking. I started asking myself, 'Hey, am I eating because it tastes good? Or because I really need some more? Am I really still hungry?' Always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it. To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world - that I am able to change it in positive ways. Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but to stand there and take it. As writers become more numerous, it is natural for readers to become more indolent whence must necessarily arise a desire of attaining knowledge with the greatest possible ease. Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things. Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention. The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends. A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. I learned a long time ago that some people would rather die than forgive. It's a strange truth, but forgiveness is a painful and difficult process. It's not something that happens overnight. It's an evolution of the heart. It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth. One of the critical issues that we have to confront is illegal immigration, because this is a multi-headed Hydra that affects our economy, our health care, our health care, our education systems, our national security, and also our local criminality. The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in. My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often. If you have to fight a crowd of boys, it's best to go for the biggest one. That way you won't have to fight them all. The others will see that you mean business and you will win their respect. Any man today who returns from work, sinks into a chair, and calls for his pipe is a man with an appetite for danger. My own life has in some ways been a decades-long tour of the sibling experience. I have full sibs, I have half-sibs, and for a time I had step-sibs. I've always kind of lived my life to be as much as possible a positive role model for children. What I wanted to do in rock 'n roll was merge poetry with sonic scapes, and the two people who had contributed so much to that were Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison. Everyone ought to bear patiently the results of his own conduct. I was raised to believe in myself. I know I'm cool. I'm not trying to brag or say I'm the man or anything like that. I don't lie or cheat, and I'm not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect. Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science. Life is without meaning. You bring the meaning to it. The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning. It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it. I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound. When I wake up at 5 in the morning is it just to jog? Definitely not, I give it all of my efforts. They just didn't have the sense of the strength of their vote. Just thought it wasn't necessary. I like the Rolling Stones for karaoke. 'Sympathy For The Devil' is a great one. The most useless are those who never change through the years. The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. It the British System is the most gigantic system of slavery the world has yet seen, and therefore it is that freedom gradually disappears from every country over which England is enabled to obtain control. Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men. All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim, have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high, one which sometimes seemed impossible. America beats on you so hard the whole time. You are constantly being pummeled by other people's rights and their sense of patriotism. I like it when somebody tells me a story, and I actually really feel that that's becoming like a lost art in American cinema. I'm still a Welsh girl at heart so I'm staying in the U.K. for the Olympics, it's such an exciting time for Britain so it's amazing to be a part of it. The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live. There are obviously legal restrictions on what you can do on TV in the States, as there are everywhere. Failure too is a form of death. In the 20 long, hungry years between my late teens and late 30s I bought in to virtually every new diet and/or exercise regime that hoved into view, particularly at this most vulnerable time for those of us prone to poor body image - a new year. To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance. The liberties and freedoms which we hold dear and we recognize and cherish and respect guide the way we gather information in the United States. The standpoint of the man who relies on religious experience for capturing Reality must always remain individual and incommunicable. When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more. Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary. The best thing that ever happened to me is that nothing happened in writing. I ended up working for engineering companies, and that's where I found my material, in the everyday struggle between capitalism and grace. Being broke and tired, you don't come home your best self. Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to. I always got great respect as a bass player. My health is the No. 1 concern and my longevity is the No. 1 concern. Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman. But I think it's hard for me to only put out one record a year. Because I get too antsy. But it's good I'm learning to do that, because each record counts. And you should make it count. My teenage years were exactly what they were supposed to be. Everybody has their own path. It's laid out for you. It's just up to you to walk it. An unexpected benefit of my career in biochemistry has been travel. Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts. Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us. Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him. If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us. On the mountains mistakes are fatal. In politics, mistakes are wounding emotionally, but you recover. Personally, wilderness helps me get back in touch with natural rhythms, helps me reflect and, in the process, restore my creativity. Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth. By the general process of epic poetry, I mean the way this form of art has constantly responded to the profound needs of the society in which it was made. A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end. They are representations of many shared hours of collaboration between us all. That's the real nature of the relationship the orchestra and I are trying to build. But in fact if you look at film as a metaphor, only through the negative can you have the positive print. What I'm trying to get to is the positive value of negation. If you have one true friend you have more than your share. There is an abiding beauty which may be appreciated by those who will see things as they are and who will ask for no reward except to see. There is a lot of strength and intelligence in Hollywood. Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart. Cooking with kids is not just about ingredients, recipes, and cooking. It's about harnessing imagination, empowerment, and creativity. Learn about the world, the way it works, any kind of science and anthropology, it's really an interesting place we live in. Evolution is a really fantastic idea, even more than the idea of God I think. Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him. The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic. If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state. What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal. This is the most intimate relationship between literature and its readers: they treat the text as a part of themselves, as a possession. I kept saying that I'd never live in L.A., and I didn't think I would. But that's where the work is, and I ended up making a lot of friends there, and my old friends moved out to Los Angeles too. And also, I think when you're famous, its hard to live in a small town. Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places. Sometimes I've had to put myself on a diet. Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up. I loved the movies and I wanted to be like Marilyn Monroe. I thought she was so glamorous and everyone seemed to love her. I wanted to be like that and I told everyone I would be the next Marilyn Monroe. The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living. Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air. Sometimes they are a matter of luck the photographer could not expect or hope for them. Sometimes they are a matter of patience, waiting for an effect to be repeated that he has seen and lost or for one that he anticipates. The funny thing is I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all I've never had a husband. The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender because this kiss already has within it that surrender. The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. I'm not a comedian. I'm an actor who just happens to be funny on occasion. None of us had any idea of how successful Downton was going to be. I thought I was signing up for another period drama that had a slightly modern feel. It had a freedom about it because it was coming out of the head of Julian Fellowes. Anything could happen and generally did. Let me give you a definition of ethics: It is good to maintain and further life it is bad to damage and destroy life. I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me awhile to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God. The People have a right to the Truth as they have a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I'm a big collector of vinyl - I have a record room in my house - and I've always had a huge soundtrack album collection. So what I do, as I'm writing a movie, is go through all those songs, trying to find good songs for fights, or good pieces of music to layer into the film. The results of political changes are hardly ever those which their friends hope or their foes fear. Even those who, like me, believe that Roe v. Wade and the decisions elaborating on reproductive rights were constitutionally correct must recognize that, for many on the right, the sudden and relatively sloppily reasoned character of the abortion rulings... did real damage to the Court's reputation as a relatively neutral arbiter of legal disputes. Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. I mean, the first 'Back to the Future' is kind of a perfect script, I think, in terms of handling time travel the best. It depends on your definition. To me, that means it effectively uses it in the story. By 1969, when I celebrated 45 years in the music business, I also had 45 people in our musical family. Man's greatness lies in his power of thought. It's a funny old world. A government is the only vessel that leaks from the top. '10' was amazing! I had no career before '10' and then all of a sudden I was able to do pretty much whatever I was able to do in the business. It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job. In ancient Greece, politics and the market were not decoupled. Here Fashion is a despot, and no one dreams of evading its dictates. We think that democracy can change a lot of things, but we're being fooled, because democracy is not the election. We've been taught that democracy is having elections. And it isn't. Elections are the most horrendous aspect of democracy. It's the most mundane, trivial, disappointing, dirty aspect. Well, I do feel that I carry the responsibility of representing my country wherever I am, and this responsibility came with the success that I had in last couple of years, not just myself but the whole group of tennis players that comes from Serbia. And athletes in general are, in this moment, the biggest ambassadors that our country has. I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it, A song's not a song 'til you sing it, Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'til you give it away! You know, writing is really difficult, and it takes a real patience and a skill. I don't know if I have that. I admire it in others, so much, and I envy it. I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct. I wanted to have a personal life that I fully inhabited, not because I am such a great mom, but for me. Be curious, learn and read as much as you can about food. Don't worry about making money. Focus on learning at various venues before you settle down for a steady position. Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them. President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today. Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared. I'm working on bringing the instant film camera back as part of the future. Sometimes in the most tragic situation, something just profoundly funny happens. At least 50 times. I've jumped off a building, jumped off a cliff in a car. I've been in bedrooms when women came in with knives and guns. Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt. Love is often nothing but a favorable exchange between two people who get the most of what they can expect, considering their value on the personality market. You never know what's going to happen. My mother was an English teacher. If someone had told her that I was going to write a book, she would never have believed that. So you can never say never. I'm an inherently happy person. It comes from the inside, which means you can achieve happiness under any circumstance. When life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward. Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough. I'm not saying that people have to listen to rock music. It's a great, cool thing and it can really be liberating for a lot of people but, hey, so can Charles Dickens so I'm not going to judge. I consider it useless and tedious to represent what exists, because nothing that exists satisfies me. Nature is ugly, and I prefer the monsters of my fancy to what is positively trivial. When I get a new script my mom will read them and just be aghast. I think it's hysterical. Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all. In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future. Drones can be a highly effective way of dealing with high-priority targets, but they should not become the drug of choice for an administration that is afraid to use successful, legal and safe tactics of the past. Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say. While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact. There are certain times I don't want my picture taken. If my wife's stepping out of a car and it looks like it's going to come out an indecent picture, don't I have a right to object? After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last. It's funny when people say you have sex appeal or call you the next Brad Pitt. I just laugh. I'm not that. I don't want to be that. Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans. At one point in my life, I was very involved with social causes. I'm still involved, but now I have a family and it's important to me. If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle. Quantity in food is more to be regarded than quality. A full meal is a great enemy both to study and industry. Anger may be kindled in the noblest breasts: but in these slow droppings of an unforgiving temper never takes the shape of consistency of enduring hatred. My house was bugged. They couldn't find any information on me being a subversive because I happen to love America I just don't like some of the things the government is doing. I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health. I don't think we're yet evolved to the point where we're clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change. The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful. The art of pleasing consists in being pleased. I have enough love to last me a lifetime! Thank God I'll never lose my imagination and my passion. That's really what it is. I'm still passionate about what I do. I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress. Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window. Don't be afraid in nature: one must be bold, at the risk of having been deceived and making mistakes. Something's happened in our society which I don't think is beneficial, and that's that you see the public being fed box-office news. Newscasts now, every local station - I've been traveling around the country a lot, and you see the local news, and they give box-office reports. In a finite world this means that the per capita share of the world's goods must steadily decrease. I distinguish, between nationalism and patriotism. Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world. I once asked a hermit in Italy how he could venture to live alone, in a single cottage, on the top of a mountain, a mile from any habitation? He replied, that Providence was his next-door neighbor. As far as writing, I like watching bad movies. Nothing stops me in my tracks more than watching a great film like 'The Godfather' or 'Dog Day Afternoon' or 'The Graduate.' You watch one of those, and you never want to write again. Whereas with bad movies, it makes you think, If that counts, I certainly could write. Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that. There are grounds for cautious optimism that we may now be near the end ofthe search for the ultimate laws of nature. I hardly remember how I started to write poetry. It's hard to imagine what I thought poetry could do. The World Trade Center is a living symbol of man's dedication to world peace... a representation of man's belief in humanity, his need for individual dignity, his beliefs in the cooperation of men, and, through cooperation, his ability to find greatness. People still don't appreciate how ephemeral success is. I find that to be a fool as to worldly wisdom, and to commit my cause to God, not fearing to offend men, who take offence at the simplicity of truth, is the only way to remain unmoved at the sentiments of others. Maybe I am a little bit guilty of trying to convince myself that I am cool to this point - even today. But I am so much more healthy than I used to be in my twenties, because I was not accepted at all. A University should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning. Until you're ready to look foolish, you'll never have the possibility of being great. To be at ease is better than to be at business. Nothing really belongs to us but time, which even he has who has nothing else. People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me. The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates. Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light. The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination. On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level. The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging. It makes a great deal of difference whether one wills not to sin or has not the knowledge to sin. For the wretched one night is like a thousand for someone faring well death is just one more night. Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am. Sport must be amateur or it is not sport. Sports played professionally are entertainment. A man may devote himself to death and destruction to save a nation but no nation will devote itself to death and destruction to save mankind. One of the functions of intelligence is to take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely to the intelligence. I had a lot of resentment for a while toward Kim Novak. But I don't mind her anymore. She's okay. We've become friends. I even asked her before this trip for some beauty tips. The truth is, I had always wanted to be a comedian, but I really didn't have that kind of personality, and it's a terrifying thing to say. Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it. One of the surprising things in this world is the respect a worthless man has for himself. I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care. The thing I love most about going on vacation is that I get to leave behind any kind of schedule. My entire life is scheduled from morning to night, and when I'm on vacation, there is no schedule. Man arrives as a novice at each age of his life. My only problem is the fear that opposition bowlers might go for my fingers and that's why I was scared of the short ball. Now I am struggling with the ball pitching up and swinging away. I just keep nicking that one. Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man. That's a hobby of mine - to do whatever I can for unusual for-hire creative projects. I am waiting for someone to really challenge me - obviously I'm often approached to do film related work, but I would be very happy to design a bar or an amusement park ride. I would love to be an imagineer! I don't have a lot of patience for boring arthouse movies. Jealousy - that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion. I spent four months in Prague in these blue rooms reacting to nothing and you basically place your faith in the hands of the director and the special effects co-coordinator and you keep your fingers crossed and hope that the creatures look really scary. For me, Barack Obama's election was a milestone of the most extraordinary kind. On the day he was elected I felt such hope in my heart. I thought we were seeing the beginning of a new era of equal opportunity across race and gender such as America had never known before. Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh. About the most originality that any writer can hope to achieve honestly is to steal with good judgment. God created man and, finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more keenly. Oh, I will always be honest with my music. The records are black boxes for me. Like if you want to know who I am, my views, my perspective, things I love, things I hate, my convictions, my anthems. I've never let people's opinions affect the way I write. New England is the home of all that is good and noble with all her sternness and uncompromising opinions. I think there are opportunities for women in comedies - how zany is up to them. My whole working philosophy is that the only stable happiness for mankind is that it shall live married in blessed union to woman-kind - intimacy, physical and psychical between a man and his wife. I wish to add that my state of bliss is by no means perfect. Math is sometimes called the science of patterns. The audience changes every night. You're the same person. You have to speak your mind and do the stuff that you think is funny and makes you laugh. A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent. I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do. Digital reading will completely take over. It's lightweight and it's fantastic for sharing. Over time it will take over. There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another. I kind of fell backwards into acting. I was studying to be a high school teacher. I look now and I understand completely, or actually barely, how much work it is to be a teacher. It's an incredible amount of work. Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act. Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter. St. Louis has a lot of weird food customs that you don't see other places - and a lot of great ethnic neighborhoods. There's a German neighborhood. A great old school Italian neighborhood, with toasted ravioli, which seems to be a St. Louis tradition. And they love provolone cheese in St. Louis. I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise. I worked with creative people who were very demanding of me, and they helped me reach performances that I never could have gotten on my own without being pushed and having trust in them. And so I know the best way to get the best performance of an actor, and that's not to coddle them or to baby them. It's to help them it's to push them. Talent in cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. He, however, who begins with Metaphysics, will not only become confused in matters of religion, but will fall into complete infidelity. The society of dead authors has this advantage over that of the living: they never flatter us to our faces, nor slander us behind our backs, nor intrude upon our privacy, nor quit their shelves until we take them down. Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses. Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage. I'm not good at normal things. I can't drive a car. I couldn't read till I was 10. I love working with a cast and a group of people every day, which is different than recording because you're usually pretty isolated and alone. They serve as a good balance for each other. For me, and I suspect for lots of other people too, bad things actually sometimes make you think more about faith and the fact that you're not facing these things on your own. The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat. I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled. Force always attracts men of low morality. A friend said to me, 'Be glad for your troubles - they strengthen you.' Well, if that's the truth, I'm going to be so strong they'll have to beat me to death! Increased government spending can provide a temporary stimulus to demand and output but in the longer run higher levels of government spending crowd out private investment or require higher taxes that weaken growth by reducing incentives to save, invest, innovate, and work. An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today. World War II was the last government program that really worked. I seek no longer to be a 'famous' person, and instead I wish to live a 'normal' life. Our hope, and it's a sad hope, is that... well, I mean we need a tip. That's why we have such a big reward. We just hope that someone is holding her for her child and that we can, you know, get her back with a tip. A lot has been written about Tony Perkins and myself and I figured, Let's get it straight. I had a relationship with Tony for two to three years, but those are only threads in the tapestry of my whole life. I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such. I mean, I am fully aware of my influence and my responsibility to society in general representing the gay community. But in the same time, I don't represent the entire gay community because it's a vast, vast community, as one can imagine. I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road. This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty. If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire. I began to fear that Mos Def was being treated as a product, not a person, so I've been going by Yasiin since '99. At first it was just for friends and family, but now I'm declaring it openly. I assure you that the training that you get in a midget, in a sprint car and perhaps in a Silver Crown car is really the kind of experience that makes you into a damn good race driver. The harder I work, the luckier I get. The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning. The Sandinista government became consumed with fighting a war of survival. They were up against the biggest superpower in the world. We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are. Intervention for the prevention and control of osteoporosis should comprise a combination of legislative action, educational measures, health service activities, media coverage, and individual counselling to initiate changes in behaviour. Well, I want to do The Music Man. I think it's an amazing opportunity, but I think that they are probably looking at major movie stars right now, and I don't blame them. We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace. The moment that changed me for ever was the moment my first child was born. I was happy, filled with hope, and thought, 'Now I understand the whole point of work, of life, of love.' I think people are confused about what the Tea Party is. I mean, they were a broad cross-section of Americans who came together concerned about our debt and our spending. And they're interested in constitutional, limited government. And so they're not one group of people. They're thousands of small groups all over the country. What is truth? said jesting Pilate and would not stay for an answer. Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true. I love nicknames. It makes me feel loved. It makes me feel less alone in this world. The artist in me cries out for design. I also don't have organized religion on Pern. I figured - since there were four holy wars going on at the time of writing - that religion was one problem Pern didn't need. When David Marr at MIT moved into computer vision, he generated a lot of excitement, but he hit up against the problem of knowledge representation he had no good representations for knowledge in his vision systems. Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe. The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for. The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred. Love and war are the same thing, and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the other. God's delays are not God's denials. Motion capture is amazing. I prefer it. You wear a 'Power Ranger'-esque suit, you have tape balls on you, you have 60 cameras around you capturing your every movement and there's no hair, no makeup. I'd see movies, comedies, and I loved 'Animal House', I loved all the John Hughes stuff, but I never saw me and my friends totally represented. I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith. I started the class late. The teacher said I would have to learn as much in half a year that the others learned in a year. I did it. The rise of China as a new power is another great challenge for the US. Our failure to properly handle Germany and Japan earlier in the 20th century cost us and the world dearly. We must not make this same mistake with China. You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory. Ten to 20 years out, driving your car will be viewed as equivalently immoral as smoking cigarettes around other people is today. It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence. I'm over the moon to be involved in the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special. I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever. Be open to the amazing changes which are occurring in the field that interest you. When someone has cancer, the whole family and everyone who loves them does, too. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that some portion of the neglect of science in England, may be attributed to the system of education we pursue. If my survival caused another to perish, then death would be sweeter and more beloved. Cultural anthropology is more and more rapidly getting to realize itself as a strictly historical science. Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts. Sigmund Freud said we act out our own dreams, but if you are only an actor you are not acting out your own dream. You are simply participating in someone else's dream. Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope this world of his is emphatically the place of hope. But it all comes down to friendship, treating people right. I want people to bow as they see me and say he is gifted with poetry, he has seen the presence of the creator. I will always be the way I was a couple years ago before anything happened. And that's to my parents' credit, my amazing parents who have been around me my whole life and raised me right. I'm very happy with what has happened so far. If we had been less reliant on technology and the security that we enjoy in being divorced from what we used to know, maybe things would have turned out differently. Religion is the sole technique for the validating of values. Thus at the beginning of 1906 it seemed to be established that the emitters of the spectral series of chemical elements are their positive atomic ions. When I write down my thoughts, they do not escape me. This action makes me remember my strength which I forget at all times. I educate myself proportionately to my captured thought. I aim only to distinguish the contradiction between my mind and nothingness. If Romney explains why where we are with Obama is unacceptable, why whither we are tending is even worse - and why his own alternative path forward is superior - then we trust the American people to make the right choice in November. I remember my mom dressed like Janis Joplin. I must try and break through the cliches about Latin America. Superpowers and other outsiders have fought over us for centuries in ways that have nothing to do with our problems. In reality we are all alone. Reproof on her lip, but a smile in her eye. I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing. Life's an awfully lonesome affair. You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming. Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art. All things by immortal power. Near of far, to each other linked are, that thou canst not stir a flower without troubling of a star. Especially for me, growing up in such a small town in the middle of nowhere, the desire to be away was incredible. I wanted to see new lands, meet new people from the city, and meet people that were in much less fortunate situations than I was, so that I could be more appreciative of my present. At least I had food on the table. I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car. If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after. Information on how to heal autism and how to possibly delay vaccines or prevent autism shouldn't come from me. It should come from the medical establishment. The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation. For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off. You must understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it. That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing and dance, and write poems and suffer and understand, for all that is life. I have four strikes against me. I'm black, I'm short, I'm intelligent, and I have a medical condition. Money is a tremendous advantage in just about everything, but in terms of reproduction, if you're a poor woman and you are infertile, it's like too bad, so sad. And if you are a wealthy woman, you can kind of buy whatever you want. If you don't have public hangings for bad culture in a company, if you don't take people out and let them say, they went home to spend more time with the family. It's crazy. I had really great parents who always gave me lots of opportunity for choice, but I didn't always realize how rare that was for a girl for them to say, 'You can be a mom or have a career or do both or do something we haven't thought of yet.' My relationship to gravity is permanently altered. Prospering just doesn't have to do with money. It is not white hair that engenders wisdom. I am just learning to notice the different colors of the stars, and already begin to have a new enjoyment. There will be, I think, an attempt to grasp again the surprise and accidents of nature and a more intimate and sympathetic study of its moods, together with a renewed wonder and humility on the part of such as are still capable of these basic reactions. Old age and the passage of time teach all things. Sport was my absolute love. It was very sporty household. We had my - my brother and I both loved sports. To live your life well, and have respect for what came before or after - there's a strong respect for that in African culture. The days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past, due primarily to the high software content. Certainly, it seems true enough that there's a good deal of irony in the world... I mean, if you live in a world full of politicians and advertising, there's obviously a lot of deception. I think a lot of humor is about distracting yourself. Pretend you're not trying to make it funny. Because for some reason the effort to be funny smells like sulphur in our culture. When I look back on my childhood, I think of that short time in Beirut. I know that seeing the city collapse around me forced me to grasp something many people miss: the fragility of peace. Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. If we are going to stay a great power and I hope and pray we will we need the truth. We need to know what is going right and we need to know what is going wrong. There is no greater time than now. You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship. It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets. It has not been God's pleasure that we should be informed of their abode. I want to write a book of poetry, as well as children's stories. Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to. Republican leadership in Congress let the energy companies write the energy bill that sent prices soaring, and has turned a blind eye to the struggles of working families trying to make ends meet. The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us. History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion. There's no such thing as an actor giving positive criticism to a director. The minute you say 'Don't you think it would look nicer...', that director's going to hate your guts. Particularly if it's a good idea. The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become. Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. In the United States three new methods of transportation made their appearance at almost the same time - the steamboat, the canal boat, and the rail car. You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear. Did you ever stop to think why cops are always famous for being dumb? Simple. Because they don't have to be anything else. If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life. When it comes to energy, cost isn't everything - but it's a lot. Everybody wants cheap power. Some people are so busy learning the tricks of the trade that they never learn the trade. Conservatives define themselves in terms of what they oppose. People always used to say to me, 'Don't you want your own show? That'd be so cool if you had your own show.' I said, 'You know, it's not gonna happen. So - no.' In America, we have so many movies and so much media about the Islamic world, the sub-continental world, but it's not a conversation, it's a monologue. It's always from one point of view. 'If we don't tell our own stories, no one will tell them' is my mantra. No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another. Literature is a state of culture, poetry is a state of grace, before and after culture. And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Company's 25th Anniversary. I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting. Well, especially now I come to realize - and then - I would do my schooling which was three hours with a tutor and right after that I would go to the recording studio and record, and I'd record for hours and hours until it's time to go to sleep. As long as we can tell stories about our ability to survive, the more we will hope, not self-destruct. The library is seen as a force for self improvement and the pursuit of knowledge. I fear that in many cases this is no longer true, if it ever was. I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians. All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions. My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad. Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle. People dance at any age. Here's a proposal, offered only partly in jest: no resident of the United States, whether born here or abroad, should get to be a citizen until age 18, at which time each such resident has to take a test. Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator. The wise man... if he would live at peace with others, he will bear and forbear. A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort. Science without conscience is the death of the soul. I enjoy learning about different periods and people, and then taking what's universal about the human condition and seeing where it matches up. No matter where you are, certain things unite everybody. Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men. One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore. It's all kind of a big illusion: the white picket fence and the perfect marriage and the kids. Check that box off, check that box off, and move forward. Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it. Peace, plenty, and contentment reign throughout our borders, and our beloved country presents a sublime moral spectacle to the world. We are not makers of history. We are made by history. I was a little girl in World War II and I'm used to being freed by Americans. People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are ready for single-payer health insurance.' We are the only industrialized country in the world that does not have national health insurance. We are the richest in wealth and the poorest in health of all the industrial nations. Jon Stewart hires people that he thinks are funny. That's it. That's the only requirement. I've managed to keep a clear head and remain sane in this business because I remain a kid off-camera. I do find comedy difficult. I don't know why. Maybe I think about it too much. There's a tremendous amount of pressure to be funny. Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst, take the risk. I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end. And History will smile to think that this is the species for which Socrates and Jesus Christ died. China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States. I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor. Every beauty which is seen here by persons of perception resembles more than anything else that celestial source from which we all are come. Learning to speak was the most remarkable thing you ever did. I'm passionate about everything, like my family and friends. Anybody I am talkin' to is gonna be bona fide real. There is no substitution for happiness. Period. Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have. There are a lot of things that make up a performance, a lot of technical things. It isn't always just about pulling it up from the darkest recesses of your mind or your heart. It's your experience and your observation. There is a lovable quality about the actual tools. One feels so kindly to the thing that enables the hand to obey the brain. Moreover, one feels a good deal of respect for it without it the brain and the hand would be helpless. If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep. No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby. When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?' Pakistan needs to have decentralisation and a good local government system. It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves. For truly it is to be noted, that children's plays are not sports, and should be deemed as their most serious actions. By forgetting the past and by throwing myself into other interests, I forget to worry. The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization. Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death. There's been a slow death in a way. On the positive side, there are films getting into the Academy Awards that wouldn't have, but on the negative side, financiers are now dominant and making all the decisions. I can't count the ways a director's vision is compromised. The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. A man from a primitive culture who sees an automobile might guess that it was powered by the wind or by an antelope hidden under the car, but when he opens up the hood and sees the engine he immediately realizes that it was designed. In my professional work with the Agency, by the late '70s, I had come to question the value of a great deal of what we were doing, in terms of the intelligence agency's impact on American policy. I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage. We humans have a love-hate relationship with our technology. We love each new advance and we hate how fast our world is changing... The robots really embody that love-hate relationship we have with technology. My parents came from Russia and suddenly they wound up in Boston, Massachusetts, Brookline, Massachusetts and they felt the sun rose and set on Franklin Delano Roosevelt's backside because he meant so much to them. This was freedom. This was something totally different from the Russia they had left. The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood. There's no real preparing at home for stand-up. You just go and you just do it. I like American history. No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me. You know, I said in the U.N., I said to President Abbas, 'Look, we're in the same city, we're in the same building, for God's sake, the U.N. Let's just sit down and begin to talk peace.' Mental illness can happen to anybody. You can be a dustman, a politician, a Tesco worker... anyone. It could be your dad, your brother or your aunt. I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers. That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. That's like my brother. He's really cool. It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory. Our thoughts have an order, not of themselves, but because the mind generates the spatio-temporal relationships involved in every experience. You can't stand for too many things. You can't use the bully pulpit for too many things. So, I promise you, every day, I am going to talk about jobs, spending, and education. Libertarians argue that no normal adult has the right to impose choices on other normal adults, except in abnormal circumstances, such as when one person finds another unconscious and administers medical assistance or calls an ambulance. Positioning the brand and regaining trust are all smart things for us to do and those are the litmus tests for any decisions we make. The more education a woman has, the wider the gap between men's and women's earnings for the same work. A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion. People are smarter than you might think. He brought imagination to the story of the Creation. We all dream. We dream vividly, depending on our nature. Our existence is beyond our explanation, whether we believe in God or we have religion or we're atheist. May joy and good fellowship reign, and in this manner, may the Olympic Torch pursue its way through ages, increasing friendly understanding among nations, for the good of a humanity always more enthusiastic, more courageous and more pure. Usually, if you smile at them and show some interest in the toy, they will give it to you. That's a straight up Democrat move! Nothing's funny about someone who's successful. Age gives you a great sense of proportion. You can be very hard on yourself when you're younger but now I just think 'well everybody's absolutely mad and I'm doing quite well'. It's not tyranny we desire it's a just, limited, federal government. No wonder the film industry started in the desert in California where, like all desert dwellers, they dream their buildings, rather than design them. Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply. If one is going to change the definition of marriage to be, quote, 'same sex,' then there is absolutely no valid argument constitutionally or rhetorically you can make against multiple people getting married. These are radical social changes. Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb. What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?' The principle that certain sins should not receive the Church's testimony of forgiveness was probably no novelty at all, but had been applied in various churches perhaps, however, with no strict consistency. Starting a new retirement plan for those below a certain age is something tens of millions of Americans have already been through at work. You see so many earnest characters in movies all the time, everyone has a purpose. Actually, I feel music becoming more and more important. It's a big source of inspiration. With what's going on in the world, we feel almost desperate. Music also brings you peace. There's one Baldessari work I genuinely love and would like to own, maybe because of my Midwestern roots and love of driving alone. 'The backs of all the trucks passed while driving from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara, California, Sunday, 20 January 1963' consists of a grid of 32 small color photographs depicting just what the title says. Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force. I can't really have any friends. It's sad, really. It's lonely. But that's how I am. Humor is a social lubricant that helps us get over some of the bad spots. Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another. It is not death, but dying, which is terrible. It was a mutual relationship. Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation. I never let my politics supersede my manners. I don't think you can tell the objective truth about a person. That's why people write novels. It doesn't matter that Bush scares the hell out of me. What matters is that he scares the hell out of a lot of very important people in Washington who can't speak out, in the military, in the intelligence community. Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs. Death is an absolute marvel. Men show their character in nothing more clearly than what they think laughable. I met Ashley two weeks before I married him. It was a joke-the most ridiculous thing I've ever done. Once I was married, I didn't want to be a failure, so I stuck it out for six months, which was about six months too long. There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody. I have always paid income tax. I object only when it reaches a stage when I am threatened with having nothing left for my old age - which is due to start next Tuesday or Wednesday. Newt Gingrich is one of the brightest people in the Republican Party and he's always been a little unorthodox in his approach to politics, but that's what makes him Newt Gingrich. He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator. Time is the longest distance between two places. One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more. The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work. Education is a private matter between the person and the world of knowledge and experience, and has little to do with school or college. It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk. I'm not a good father and they're not children any more the eldest is in his fifties. My relationship with their mothers broke down and, because of what the law was, they went with their mothers and were imbued with their mothers' morality in life and they were not my people any more. Not to say people shouldn't get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic. Anyone in politics would like to have great economic numbers. There is great food in Vegas. I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure. I also think a Hot Mom is someone who can connect with what's current in her kids' world. I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose. What's unfortunate about buying a pitcher for $12 million is that he carries no warranty. The thing about science fiction is that it's totally wide open. But it's wide open in a conditional way. The secret of getting things done is to act! I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around. A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. I don't normally talk about my religion publicly because I don't want people to associate me and my flaws with this beautiful thing. And I believe it is beautiful if you learn it the right way. I love rock-n-roll. I think it's an exciting art form. It's revolutionary. Still revolutionary and it changed people. It changed their hearts. But yeah, even rock-n-roll has a lot of rubbish, really bad music. The search for human freedom can never be complete without freedom for women. For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities. There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach. As we let our light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence actually liberates others. I'd maybe done about 12 movies when I decided that this was what I was going to do. Wisdom allows nothing to be good that will not be so forever no man to be happy but he that needs no other happiness than what he has within himself no man to be great or powerful that is not master of himself. I've also long since realized that the way to really engage children is to give out prizes it's amazing how it concentrates their minds. Music is my life, professionally, for nearly 60 years. To be recognized by the academy is still the highest honor. He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience. Whenever I write about mental health and integrative therapies, I am accused of being prejudiced against pharmaceuticals. So let me be clear - integrative medicine is the judicious application of both conventional and evidence-based natural therapies. There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness. I want a man who's kind and understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire? We don't stop going to school when we graduate. Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. Realizing our society as it is, without theology dogmatically telling us how we should react to it, and being humane toward that society, that is all that we're sure of. If the graves of the thousands of victims who have fallen in the terrible wars of the two races had been placed in line the philanthropist might travel from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Lakes to the Gulf, and be constantly in sight of green mounds. The recognition of the art that informs all pure science need not mean the abandonment for it of all present art, rather it will mean the completion of the transformation of art that has already begun. Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights describes the family as the natural and fundamental unit of society. It follows that any choice and decision with regard to the size of the family must irrevocably rest with the family itself, and cannot be made by anyone else. I work very hard on my health, and I think about it, of course, like I've never thought before. Success can create more madness than happiness. I think Prince should open up a little more to other artists. Just because we love Prince. Especially the old stuff - we love him to death. But if he opened up he would be something to deal with. Imagine Kanye West producing a Prince track? It would be banoodles! I led the life of an intellectual up until a certain age. I remember Freud's 'Interpretation of Dreams' was a big favorite when I was 11. It sounded so interesting. And it really was! Money brings some happiness. But after a certain point, it just brings more money. That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did. My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return. But I did not find any positive inspiration in my studies until I approached my nineteenth year. First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success. So little done, so much to do. I still absolutely love 'The Sound of Music' and anything with Julie Andrews in it. Music is the soul of language. This is a game. That's all it is. It's not a war. I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child. Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret. My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra. In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects. To Live signifies to believe and hope - to lie and to lie to oneself. My brother Jim and I spent many wonderful summers working on dairy farms in Wisconsin owned by Mom's cousins, and as members of our local Boy Scout troop. In recent years personal injury attorneys and trial lawyers have attacked the food industry with numerous lawsuits alleging that these businesses should pay monetary damages to those who, of their own accord, consume too much of a legal, safe product. But God will have a people upon the earth to maintain the Bible, and the Bible only, as the standard of all doctrines and the basis of all reforms. I work for a Government I despise for ends I think criminal. Judi Dench and Ian McKellen taught me how to work hard and respect the theatre. Big Brother is on the march. A plan to subject all children to mental health screening is underway, and the pharmaceuticals are gearing up for bigger sales of psychotropic drugs. From time immemorial artistic insights have been revealed to artists in their sleep and in dreams, so that at all times they ardently desired them. I am shocked by the easy attitude of many in the media towards disclosing our Nation's secrets. Who sows fear, reaps weapons. I'm just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living. Remember to be as smart as you are. My place in history will depend on what I can do for the people and not on what the people can do for me. Wealth is well known to be a great comforter. Human beings want to be free and however long they may agree to stay locked up, to stay oppressed, there will come a time when they say 'That's it.' Suddenly they find themselves doing something that they never would have thought they would be doing, simply because of the human instinct that makes them turn their face towards freedom. I honestly don't love the Cheech and Chong movies, I've got to say. You want to play another kind of character in another genre, and it's been something I've been trying to do if I can in the career so far, and it's something I hope to continue because it's interesting to me and you get to do different things as an actor. It is strange that modesty is the rule for women when what they most value in men is boldness. My favorite toy growing up was Polly Pocket. But one gift that I wanted though never received for Christmas was a pair of trampoline moon shoes. You strap them to your feet and they have springs on them, and you can just jump around! Each of us has been put on earth with the ability to do something well. We cheat ourselves and the world if we don't use that ability as best we can. We each own one car, and we have a reasonable house. It's a lovely place to be, but it's not extravagant. So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, 'Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car?' I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety. Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.' I think Lady Gaga is great and is changing pop music and bringing back a certain rock 'n' roll spirit, swagger to the game. Politics is too partisan, and sometimes patriotism is cast aside. Patriotism is honor and love of your country and your brothers and sisters. With politics I get the impression that it's all about what's good for the party and not necessarily what's good for the country. I've been thinking a lot about next year, which will be the first time in 25 years that I don't have a child at home. If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. In New York, you've got Donald Trump, Woody Allen, a crack addict and a regular Joe, and they're all on the same subway car. Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath. Hollywood is so fake and people need to realize that people are just people, and you, too, don't need to be born into something or have money or have whatever product someone is hawking on you. Prospering just doesn't have to do with money. Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage. Nature engenders the science of painting. Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good. The sound and music are 50% of the entertainment in a movie. And know that I am with you always yes, to the end of time. Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them. Live the life you've dreamed. My goal on my bucket list is to write a romantic comedy movie. I just don't want to die alone, that's all. That's not too much to ask for, is it It would be nice to have someone care about me, for who I am, not about my wallet. I married the man of my dreams in 1998. However painful the process of leaving home, for parents and for children, the really frightening thing for both would be the prospect of the child never leaving home. A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.' Skill is successfully walking a tightrope between the twin towers of New York's World Trade Center. Intelligence is not trying. For me, I don't feel it is a success in the career to be the pretty woman career success comes from being characters who tell us something about the truth. The myth of the liberal media empowers conservatives to control debate in the United States to the point where liberals cannot even hope for a fair shake anymore. Like many people, most Libertarians feel empathy and sympathy for less fortunate people. But they know you can't have perfection in a world of limited resources. I am known for a life spent in the struggle for freedom, and freedom includes the freedom of religion. To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. The permanent temptation of life is to confuse dreams with reality. The permanent defeat of life comes when dreams are surrendered to reality. Daoist thought is the root of science and technology in China. Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out. We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort. I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management. Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater. You can get a lot of design testing of your missile program, and you can do a lot of - there's other ways other than physically to develop your weaponization program to get you very close to the real deal. I've always said that an art critic can put aside politics around art. My work's never been accepted by my family, but it's something I'll always carry on with. It was like in Samoa when they'd put up a movie screen on the beach and show movies and the locals would run behind the sheet to see where the people went. It was pretty grim. No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting. Unless we practice conservation, those who come after us will have to pay the price of misery, degradation, and failure for the progress and prosperity of our day. I think that everything you do helps you to write if you're a writer. Adversity and success both contribute largely to making you what you are. If you don't experience either one of those, you're being deprived of something. Keep cool my babies. It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art. We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it. Some are so very studious of learning what was done by the ancients that they know not how to live with the moderns. I'm every bourgeois nightmare - a Cockney with intelligence and a million dollars. It is this, at its most basic, that makes science a humane pursuit it acknowledges the commonality of people's experience. I wished to go completely outside and to make a symbolic start for my enterprise of regenerating the life of humankind within the body of society and to prepare a positive future in this context. Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about. The thing that we possess, that machines don't, is the ability to exhibit wisdom. The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate. It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you. Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present. In corn, I think I've found the key to the American food chain. If you look at a fast-food meal, a McDonald's meal, virtually all the carbon in it - and what we eat is mostly carbon - comes from corn. The USDA is not our ally here. We have to take matters into our own hands, not only by advocating for a better diet for everyone - and that's the hard part - but by improving our own. And that happens to be quite easy. Less meat, less junk, more plants. The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end. I'd love it if American kids were listening to Muslim music. For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever. Actually just recently I came up with that idea, watching the movie 'Legally Blonde' and I was like, 'Cool, that's something I want to do.' The decision to write in prose instead of poetry is made more by the readers than by writers. Almost no one is interested in reading narrative in verse. I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages. God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones. Everyone has an opinion of who you are and what your relationship is about, things that you've done or didn't do in your relationship - and it's just all crap, really. Things that are written about it are all crap. Men give away nothing so liberally as their advice. I think you have to be a little bit strict. You can't be friend and their parent in a lot of situations, especially in this day and age where it's so dangerous for kids. So there's a bit of sternness, I guess, in the way I raise my kids. I think people are smart enough to sort it out. They know when they're watching one of these food fight shows where journalists sit around and yell and scream at each other, versus serious issue reporting. I think that's what poetry does. It allows people to come together and identify with a common thing that is outside of themselves, but which they identify with from the interior. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections. The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941. There has been a banking crisis, a financial crisis, an economic crisis, a social crisis, a geostrategic crisis and an environmental crisis. That's considerable in a country that's used to being protected. The novel is about five students of classics who are studying with a classics professor, and they take the ideas of the things that they're learning from him a bit too seriously, with terrible consequences. Travel is the frivolous part of serious lives, and the serious part of frivolous ones. Throughout my career, if I have done anything, I have paid attention to every note and every word I sing - if I respect the song. If I cannot project this to a listener, I fail. I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true! Since, therefore, no man is born without faults, and he is esteemed the best whose errors are the least, let the wise man consider everything human as connected with himself for in worldly affairs there is no perfect happiness under heaven. It was once said that the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped. Censorship is never over for those who have experienced it. It is a brand on the imagination that affects the individual who has suffered it, forever. Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement. Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. For over 30 years, the IRA showed that the British government could not rule Ireland on its own terms. Mutability of temper and inconsistency with ourselves is the greatest weakness of human nature. Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock. The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age. I've always been really active. I grew up playing sports, so I'm always shooting hoops or throwing the football with my friends. I'm super-active in that sense. Some people lose all respect for the lion unless he devours them instantly. There is no pleasing some people. In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and day's long. If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men. I respect people who can do both careers, like Will Smith and a couple of other people who have done it, but I just don't know when they sleep. By forgetting the past and by throwing myself into other interests, I forget to worry. Architecture can't fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isn't real. The future is always beginning now. The best mind-altering drug is the truth. Hard times arouse an instinctive desire for authenticity. I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting. And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values, like you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond that you do what you say you're going to do. That you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them and even if you don't agree with them. Respect for right conduct is felt by every body. American society as a whole can never achieve the outer-reaches of potential, so long as it tolerates the inner cities of despair. We hope that the long darkness through which the Burmese people have lived may now be coming to an end. The principle of acting in good faith is at the heart of decent work. You know, I'm a television personality. It's not like I'm a famous hooker or something! I would like it to be a legal requirement for all businesses to be linked to a charity. I remember my mom dressed like Janis Joplin. I don't have to have faith, I have experience. Running gave me a focus to start looking after myself, to eat properly, and focus on building up my strength. Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life. The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears. To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were secretly charged must fly from person to person, and cut across the accidents of place and time. Books are but waste paper unless we spend in action the wisdom we get from thought - asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peevishness, pride, or design in their conversation. Man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys. If he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it. Woman's at best a contradiction still. We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society. The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government. There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful. I've been to therapists my whole life. I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am. Any obsession is dangerous. And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like, jeans, it's very dangerous. Everyone's obsessed right now with carbohydrates in this country. It's ridiculous. Scientific research and other studies have demonstrated that arts education can enhance American students' math and language skills and improve test scores which in turn increase chances of higher education and good jobs in the future. I listened to it last night for the first time since we started this project. I went out to my car and put it in and went to an empty parking lot and just listened and read the little pamphlet that came with it. After two or three songs I burst into tears. Most of the musicians that I know almost to the man everybody uses Apple computers. They've thought of the steps that you're going to think of when you're trying to create your thing. And that's where the tools get invented to make better art. Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car. There are very few dance companies in the world and you have to be phenomenal. You have to not be injured. You have to have a really strong mind to deal with the dance world. People who can do it are amazing to me. You cannot have a life outside of dance. There were periods of my life when a lot of people didn't believe in me. I still had faith in myself. I really had to ask myself life questions. Where do I see myself in five years? Create a ladder for yourself, and walk up the steps. Climb that ladder. Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Since the beginning of the 21st century, thanks to the concerted efforts of both sides, China-U.S. relationship has on the whole enjoyed steady growth. Since President Obama took office, we have maintained close contact through exchange of visits, meetings, telephone conversations and letters. We had four years of world war which the peoples endured only because they were told that their sufferings would free humanity forever from the scourge of war. My mom once lost track of me at the zoo and when she found me I was lecturing a man about the difference between dromedary and Bactrian camels. I was about 3 1/2. I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best. I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy. There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can! But I remember the moment when my father died. I wasn't a very committed Catholic beforehand, but when that happened it suddenly all felt so obvious: I now believe religion is our attempt to find an explanation, for us to feel more protected. I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty. You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things. And the woman who could win the respect of man was often the woman who could knock him down with her bare fists and sit on him until he yelled for help. We live in a land like no other - a land of freedom and opportunity unparalleled on the face of the globe. Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds? I am not bound for any public place, but for ground of my own where I have planted vines and orchard trees, and in the heat of the day climbed up into the healing shadow of the woods. My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do. I don't find music being less important than, like, politics. The great accomplishment of Jobs's life is how effectively he put his idiosyncrasies - his petulance, his narcissism, and his rudeness - in the service of perfection. My philosophy was, if I just do good work, someone will like it enough to employ me. It never made me famous. And I'm way, way too old now, mate. That boat's sailed. I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her. I think it's better to be involved in one or two movies a year. I wrote The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God in five hours, but I had it all planned out. It isn't poetry and it does not pretend to be, but it does what it sets out to do. Beauty is in the heart of the beholder. I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect. If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary. At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable. Enough people have now mentioned Bill Nye the Science Guy to me that I now desperately avoid it all costs. I don't believe that in our society that we should have guns. To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained. I spend so much time with the brightest and most talented and well-rounded people. I've had the privilege of having long and very intellectual conversations with people, and sometimes I just sit there and listen. It's like a better version of a class. Even though I'm not sitting at a desk and in school, I'm still learning all the time. It is from the traditional family that we absorb those universal ideals and principles which are the teaching of Jesus, the bedrock of our religious faith. We are taught the difference between right and wrong, and about the law, just punishment and discipline. If it doesn't feel like a job and I'm learning something and getting that rush that I get, I don't care if it's behind a camera, on a TV set, or on the moon. I think kids slowly begin to realize that what they're learning relates to other things they know. Then learning starts to get more and more exciting. What the world really needs is more love and less paper work. Different people have different styles, but there is an opportunity as a director to be a writer in every moment, with every visual cue and every piece of production design. Everything is a decision, and everything can be obsessed over. The movies that made me want to make movies were action movies, and thrillers, and Kurosawa films, you know, where you have an opportunity every day to shoot it in an unusual way. I was looking for something like that. Meet some people who care about poetry the way you do. You'll have that readership. Keep going until you know you're doing work that's worthy. And then see what happens. That's my advice. I open with a clock striking, to beget an awful attention in the audience - it also marks the time, which is four o clock in the morning, and saves a description of the rising sun, and a great deal about gilding the eastern hemisphere. People think I'm crazy because I travel too much, but I haven't been doing any of that lately because I got a little sick this year and I've tried to take care of it. In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love, you want the other person. I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images. Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink. I've tried just about every crazy diet you can imagine. First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture. The first few weeks football players look at you like you are speaking a foreign language. My job is to get them to trust me, trust the system. I ask them to run in a way that makes no sense to them. I've had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating. But although Australia was also involved in the Vietnam conflict, I can remember my dad telling us that if we were in Australia, we wouldn't be drafted until we were 20. Honor is simply the morality of superior men. I didn't think it was fair to my music to label me as the daughter of somebody - I didn't think it described me very well and I didn't think it had anything to do with my music. But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time. The birth of science as we know it arguably began with Isaac Newton's formulation of the laws of gravitation and motion. It is no exaggeration to say that physics was reborn in the early 20th-century with the twin revolutions of quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species. The intelligence of few perceives what has been carefully hidden in the recesses of the mind. I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions. The greatest remedy for anger is delay. Stability is why society has an interest in marriage. There's an easygoing nature that comes with a perspective of things that aren't as important as we make them sometimes. To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make. We didn't have television until I was about eight years old, so it was either the movies or radio. A lot of radio drama. That was our television, you know. We had to use our imagination. So it was really those two things, and the comics, that I immersed myself in as a child. When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools. I put &pound150,000 into the stage production of Grease and have got back &pound1.5 million so far. It has been a fantastic success. Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the dangers of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity. And on issues that seem important to you, stand up and be counted at any cost. When I eat with my friends, it is a moment of real pleasure, when I really enjoy my life. A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning. Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends. There are matters in the Bible, said to be done by the express commandment of God, that are shocking to humanity and to every idea we have of moral justice. I think a child should be allowed to take his father's or mother's name at will on coming of age. Paternity is a legal fiction. I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams. Teach you children poetry it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary. Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be. I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose. When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process. Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms. I don't have a saviour or a royal family. All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure. But other vampire stories? Well, no, I really haven't read too many, and I can't say I'm crazy about romantic vampires anyway - to me the vampire is simply an evil monster. We've got to see a state where the Afghan government can handle its own day-to-day security. Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves. It's hard either way, at home or on the bus, I think the hardest thing probably for me is going one second from being mom to right out on the stage and having to be that person too. It's hard to switch gears. To my surprise, my 70s are nicer than my 60s and my 60s than my 50s, and I wouldn't wish my teens and 20s on my enemies. The more you get into any religion, it becomes the same. It really becomes how you treat other people and how you get outside yourself. How you look to help other people, and how you get out of this 'I, me, mine' type of thing. I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure. The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape. The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death. Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess. There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go. I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years. Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families. This is the place where anybody - like an African American kid raised by a single mom - can be president. What we call 'evil' doesn't necessarily deserve any kind of respect or understanding, by any means it just deserves an acknowledgement of its complexity so we can better understand it - so we can help prevent it. Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour. Sports can unify the Iraqi people - no Sunnis, no Shiites, just sport for the country. It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope that's correct, because there's an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others. I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war. In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits. I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials. Guantanamo allows us to secure dangerous detainees without the risk of escape, while at the same time providing us with valuable intelligence information on how best to proceed in the war against terror and prevent future attacks. The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting. There is no great genius without a mixture of madness. My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy. My father and mother were second cousins, though they did not meet till shortly before their marriage. It's funny because I'm a sucker for glitz and glitter when it comes to clothes and nail polish, but with my makeup, I'm more comfortable with a natural look. It feels more like me. Comedy. It was just huge in my house. Peter Sellers and Alec Guinness, Monty Python and all those James Bond movies were highly regarded. People spend hours constantly checking and tweeting and Facebooking. And it's cool to check up on your friends and see what's going on in the world, but it's not cool to spend five hours of your day on the computer looking at the Internet. I'm well-travelled so I can see places coming up. I went to St. Croix in the West Indies at Christmas and it had been hit by a really bad tornado. Values there have gone down but I guarantee they will be up again in eight years. So I'll get in now while it's cheap as chips. Women hold up half the sky. Weep not that the world changes - did it keep a stable, changeless state, it were cause indeed to weep. The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain. Mom was the greatest influence of my childhood. She wanted to save me from the vice, lust, and drinking that was all about me. No nation can rise to the height of glory unless your women are side by side with you. Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another. In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry. A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music. I like all of the mental, psychological thriller movies too. I enjoy horror movies across the board. Young lawyers attend the courts, not because they have business there, but because they have no business. Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics. Because you're not what I would have you be, I blind myself to who, in truth, you are. Since traveling is such a big part of my life when I am working, I like to vacation relatively close to home. Florida is a great place for me to go and relax. It's so close, which is perfect because it's the minimal travel time. More than anything else, my mother wanted to be an actress - a famous actress - which in the 1950s was all about being young, sexy, and available. She was all that, and more. She had big blue eyes, alabaster skin, a heart-shaped face, a beautiful figure. She was just a knockout. My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports. At the age of four with paper hats and wooden swords we're all Generals. Only some of us never grow out of it. You know, if you are kind of rich, the best thing is that you don't have to think about money. The best thing you can buy with money is freedom, time. I don't know how much I earn a year. I have no idea. I don't know how much I pay in taxes. I always have issues with trust. You can be a good neighbor only if you have good neighbors. I do feel like I have always, in my life, been inclined to be on the outside, walk a different path or something. Because of that, and increasingly over the years, my sense of distance from mainstream society or from the way culture works, I have a different kind of perception of it. One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time. One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience. But I just know from experience that accent wise, even if you're an accent genius, crossing the Atlantic is the hardest thing in the world either way. Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. Well, it was actually - I brought the idea of doing a documentary to HBO back in 2000, when there were some press reports sort of were bandied about that there were going to TV movies based on some of the books that were out. My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength. God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything. It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion. Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows. If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life, choose a sense of humor. A society in which there are high levels of voluntary activity will simply be a better, happier place than one where there are not. Let me first state that I believe that marriage is a sacred union between one man and one woman. I think maybe because of the kind of music I sing, people want to believe you're a diva. They can't believe after eight years, and eight albums, you're still relatively sane. I feel like they almost want me to throw something at somebody. I'm the man that made wrestling famous. The actual danger is nothing, and the positive advantages very great. I find Jesus my confidant and companion, brother and savior our relationship is intimate, vulnerable, demanding yet comfortable and reassuring. Evil is the moment when I lack the strength to be true to the Good that compels me. Life is an adventure in forgiveness. So someday in the near future hopefully rather than having a foot or a leg amputated we'll just give you an injection of the cells and restore the blood flow. We've also created entire tubes of red blood cells from scratch in the laboratory. So there are a lot of exciting things in the pipeline. Memories are doing funny things to us. Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with superstitious doubts. Then, until death itself comes, no calamity need be feared. Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow. What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian? I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life. It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything. I would never have done what I'd done if I'd considered my father as somebody I wanted to please. Sampling is kind of prehistoric, given the technology and the textures you can create. You know what the critics are. If you tell the truth they only say you're cynical and it does an author no good to get a reputation for cynicism. I therefore declare, that if you wish any remission of the taxation which falls upon the homes of the people of England and Wales, you can only find it by reducing the great military establishments, and diminishing the money paid to fighting men in time of peace. There's this common perception that having a famous last name is all you need. A surname may get you a meeting, but if there's no talent you won't get the part. Nothing has been purchased more dearly than the little bit of reason and sense of freedom which now constitutes our pride. Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time. I don't think makeup is rocket science or a cure for cancer. Reforming public education, cutting property taxes, fixing adult and child protective services and funding our budget can all occur when Democrats and Republicans engage in consensus and cooperation - not cynicism and combat. It is not easy to see how the more extreme forms of nationalism can long survive when men have seen the Earth in its true perspective as a single small globe against the stars. The leading edge in evidence presentation is in science the leading edge in beauty is in high art. The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you. For us political activists and candidates, the morning after any election is a mix of emotions - the personal and the immediate, the culmination of your own recent campaigning efforts and the fortunes of your party and the success or otherwise of what you stand for and believe in. If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be. I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect. I got to dress up in funny clothes and run around New Zealand with a bow and arrow for 18 months, how bad could that be? If I'd stayed at college I would have become a teacher. You get somebody to crack a smile, that's a beautiful thing. As the father of six children, I know very well the challenges technology poses to our families. Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them. I see a lot of connections between folk and punk music just because they're both subcorporate music - I mean, traditionally. I loved the travel but I didn't love the work. I mean, come on, modelling is only so stimulating! My first three years of high school, I wasn't that cool. Those people behind the mosque have to respect, have to appreciate and have to defer to the people of New York. The wound is still there. Just because the wound is healing you can't say, 'Let's just go back to where we were pre-9/11. The pro athlete is a sad tale. He signs a big contract and thinks he's set for life. I didn't think I was set for life, and I don't now. As athletes, we are important, celebrities, in demand and rich. Then we are out of the game and we are not important, not celebrities, not in demand and not rich. Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that. Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature. I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority. You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you. I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring. The Minutemen were seen as more of an art thing than Black Flag, although I didn't see them that way. It confused people when we put out Saccharine Trust, too. If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught. Let me say this loud and clear. There is a world of difference between terrorist acts and the Islamic Shari'a. Islam is not only a religion, but a way of life. And at its heart lie the sacred principles of tolerance and dialogue. None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear. To emphasize only the beautiful seems to me to be like a mathematical system that only concerns itself with positive numbers. I'm a big proponent of having a mental health component go along with whatever the physical realities are. When you see a fantastic colour or cut in a magazine, perched up on some famous so-and-so's head, it's tempting to ask your stylist for the same, but do not be fooled. The hair in those fancy photos can be very high maintenance. Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise. My commitment to the Republican movement was pure and simply patriotism, a love of Australia... a desire or passion that all of our national symbols should be unequivocally and unambiguously Australian. John Barry was my hero when I was about 13. His scores to the James Bond movies were the scores of my life back then. I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship. An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day. All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks. Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove, That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods, or steepy mountain yields. I was in three academic clubs, a huge book worm and the teacher's pet. I was kind of an easy target for bullies. Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts. Action is the foundational key to all success. Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven. The strength of America is not in Washington. Extensive traveling induces a feeling of encapsulation, and travel, so broadening at first, contracts the mind. There are older men with younger women but you don't see a lot of older women with younger men. There are some women who have been able to do it but not often. You can't win unless you learn how to lose. For over 30 years, the IRA showed that the British government could not rule Ireland on its own terms. I opened my own restaurant when I was 17. I went broke, then traveled around the country, learning about different kinds of foods, had three other restaurants that went broke. It didn't all start just a few years ago! It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution. I never thought I'd be doing poetry books. I never really studied poetry. But the first one I did was after my mother died, and I realized that people sort of think and talk about her style and fashion, but in fact, what made her the person she was was really her love of reading and ideas. Whiskey's to tough, Champagne costs too much, Vodka puts my mouth in gear. I hope this refrain, Will help me explain, As a matter of fact, I like beer. You watch an old 'Jeopardy!' and the categories alone are very plain. 'Poetry,' or 'Movies,' or 'Physics.' If you watch it now, though, there'll be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions. Aside from sales, the letters from readers have been primarily positive. We don't do drugs, drink or use profanity. Instead we instill morals and values in my boys by raising them with a love of God and a love and respect for themselves and all people. I believe they will have a chance. 'Dr. Strangelove' was and is one of my favorite movies ever, and I just can't believe they actually blew up the world after that. Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death. Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success. Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there. Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy. Peace in the head, peace in the stomach. Because society places a value on masculinity, gay men aspire to it. If you go to a gay club and the doorman says, 'You do realise this is a gay club, don't you lads?' you get all excited because you think, 'Wow, he thought I was straight!' Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. Outside the kingdom of the Lord there is no nation which is greater than any other. God and history will remember your judgment. We are by nature observers, and thereby learners. That is our permanent state. I have to wear two sports bras when I do my cardio. It takes a lot to hold these puppies up! I do actually dabble in a bit of poetry! And I'm yet to pen a script, but it is something that I've been telling myself I want to do. In business, words are words explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality. I can tell you this: If I'm ever in a position to call the shots, I'm not going to rush to send somebody else's kids into a war. So, we come out to Los Angeles. And we met with every network. We met with show runners, directors, writers, everything. And what we had an idea for, they didn't like. And what they had an idea for, we didn't like. So, we went home. What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life. I guess what I've learned is that there are no boundaries when it comes to imagination. It's limitless. The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself. I guess probably in my time in politics, it continued to be affirmed to me that the African-American community, despite being subscription television's most valuable customers, they are very underserved by cable and satellite television programming options. The great thing about university is that they incline you to get up and do it, from the Classics to modern plays, to the humor that Monty Pythons made popular. I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax. For as long as the power of America's diversity is diminished by acts of discrimination and violence against people just because they are black, Hispanic, Asian, Jewish, Muslim or gay, we still must overcome. Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds? I had to learn to dance for 'The Adjustment Bureau' and it was nearly impossible. I turned up with my knees knocking in my leotard and went home and cried my eyes out. Men are born with two eyes, but with one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them. The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up. For me, getting comfortable with being famous was hard - that whole side of it, the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy. Giving up that part of your life and not having control of it. The most important role models should and could be parents and teachers. But that said, once you're a teenager you've probably gotten as much of an example from your parents as you're going to. Martin Luther King, Jr. didn't carry just a piece of cloth to symbolize his belief in racial equality he carried the American flag. We should have a State in which we could live and breathe as free men and which we could develop according to our own lights and culture and where principles of Islamic social justice could find free play. Surrealism had a great effect on me because then I realised that the imagery in my mind wasn't insanity. Surrealism to me is reality. I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money. Resentment seems to have been given us by nature for a defense, and for a defense only! It is the safeguard of justice and the security of innocence. You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt. Parenting is not for sissies. You have to sacrifice and grow up. Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that. Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most. Yahoo! is the only company with both scale and leadership in branded and search advertising. Don't flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become. I think it's very clear that the American people are frustrated with this move toward socialism. And so whether you're back or white, if you believe that the conservative construct is in the best interest of our future, than you too would be voting with Republicans, and if you had the opportunity to run you'd join us as well. How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men? The urge for good design is the same as the urge to go on living. In books lies the soul of the whole past time. Poetry is about the grief. Politics is about the grievance. Sometimes we have to actually say, I think you're really funny, but none of your jokes are going to make it on the air. So just answer my questions. Seriously. A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire. Americans are apocalyptic by nature. The reason why is that we've always had so much, so we live in deadly fear that people are going to take it away from us. I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave. It's something that was very interesting to me to be a part of and all of them again because of the relationship. Some of the superhero movies are better than others. Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal. I can never tell when something is funny. I just have to do it onstage and find out. He that gives good advice, builds with one hand he that gives good counsel and example, builds with both but he that gives good admonition and bad example, builds with one hand and pulls down with the other. This also turned out to be negative, so there is no material in the Central Intelligence Agency, either in the records or in the mind of any of the individuals, that there was any contact had or even contemplated with him. My parents were involved in everything I did. They were showbiz people themselves. My dad was an actor. They were parents they did what parents are supposed to do. One of the darkest, deepest shames so many of us mothers feel nowadays is our fear that we are Bad Mothers, that we are failing our children and falling far short of our own ideals. I am an American citizen and it is my home now. I like the U.S.A., which is not a place too many people have liked since Bush. The U.S. has a young population, and everything can change within a year. I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would be an affront to your intelligence. Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. People who are incapable of having any kind of intimate relationship have to turn to feeling this incredible hunger and void, have to turn to some quantifiable external product to make them feel whole. I really believe that we don't have to make a trade-off between security and privacy. I think technology gives us the ability to have both. People are chasing cash, not happiness. When you chase money, you're going to lose. You're just going to. Even if you get the money, you're not going to be happy. Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion. A young imagination is bold, likes to make bigger leaps. It likes to, well, imagine that the dustbuster is a dinosaur that the computer mouse is a hotrod that the box is a cave that the rawhide is a torch... or a baton... or something. Heads know that failing to invest in good, nutritious food is a false economy and parents won't tolerate reconstituted turkey being put back on the menu. If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food. Leadership that exploits and sacrifices young people on the altar of its goals is nothing more than raw, demonic power. Genuine leadership is found in ceaseless efforts to foster young people, to pave the way forward for them. I loved the house the way you would any new house, because it is populated by your future, the family of children who will fill it with noise or chaos and satisfying busy pleasures. Outward failure may be a manifested variant of inward success. I'm very romantic. I've emptied flower shops. The thing about being at home versus being out in the world working is, it's a whole different vibe. When I'm home with my kids and partner, I will cook - even though she's a very good cook. She's learned over the years. We started with basics, you know, how to saute onions, how to saute mushrooms. When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection. I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special. Comrades, this man has a nice smile, but he's got iron teeth. There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness. I remember, when I was a little kid, I was good at sports, and I could jump off the high board. And then puberty hit, and suddenly I was looking to boys for direction. I remember that as a great loss. Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first. That we find a crystal or a poppy beautiful means that we are less alone, that we are more deeply inserted into existence than the course of a single life would lead us to believe. Too often in the past, U.S. leaders have forced Israel to pay the price for American strategic interests in the Middle East - through concessions in the peace process as well as passivity in the face of Iraqi attacks. I was so young, and making movies, going to the studio every morning at dawn was magic. Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs. All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was. Religion is inwardly focused and driven only to sustain itself. Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? You can see my guns at my apartment. The safe room is a special place... It's good to have a safe room in your house. It's storm-proof we've got food, store supplies, all kinds of stuff. Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life. For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are. The long and short of it is that I am now in a position in England to green light movies, and that's really excellent - not high-budget movies, but movies none the less. Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything. Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. Resting for me is fitness training. A disaster where marble has been substituted for imagination. I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em. Truth may be stretched, but cannot be broken, and always gets above falsehood, as does oil above water. If eating out, order your meal and ask the server to wrap up half of the portion to take home with your for the next day, keeping your portion size in check, and stretching your dollar into two meals. A devastating commentary on the war in Iraq is that we have been unable to spend money on infrastructure. The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure. People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs. So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee. Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning. What Democratic congressmen do to their women staffers, Republican congressmen do to the country. We grew up in a very creative environment and were exposed to the arts at a very young age, so it's not a surprise that all of us are in some form of the arts. I'd never been a teacher before, and here I was starting my first day with these eager students. There was a shortage of teachers, and they had been without a math teacher for six months. They were so excited to learn math. The underlying principles of strategy are enduring, regardless of technology or the pace of change. We also own a little boat and I'm like a kid with it. I take off early in the morning, fishing rod in tow, and just drift about the ocean all day. I've always taken 'The Wizard of Oz' very seriously, you know. I believe in the idea of the rainbow. And I've spent my entire life trying to get over it. The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven. I love to cook so much. I like to cook everything. I really like to eat my food. Revolutions are the locomotives of history. Events at home, at work, in the street - these are the bases for a story. My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque. To be one, to be united is a great thing. But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater. There is just no comparison between having a dinner date with a man and staying home playing canasta with the girls. At the School of Visual Arts in New York, you can get your degree in Net art, which is really a fantastic way of thinking of theater in new ways. Dr. Rice's record on Iraq gives me great concern. In her public statements she clearly overstated and exaggerated the intelligence concerning Iraq before the war in order to support the President's decision to initiate military action against Iraq. In a lot of movies, especially big studio ones, they're not constructed in any other way than to get people to like them and then tell their friends. It's a product. Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal. We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them. Science is nothing but perception. The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. Gaming in general is a male thing. It isn't that gaming is designed to exclude women. Everybody who's tried to design a game to interest a large female audience has failed. And I think that has to do with the different thinking processes of men and women. Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women. The truth was you can't continue to spend the kind of money our spending on all these entitlement programs. I think we need more people in public life who are willing to say, no, we can't afford certain things. No, we can't do certain things. There's people making babies to my music. That's nice. If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own. Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. Christians were instructed to serve others, and the thanksgiving was for the grace of God and the fact that God offered a way for man to return to a positive relationship with Him. Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white. A mistake made by many people with great convictions is that they will let nothing stand in the way of their views, not even kindness. In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it. If you just have a single problem to solve, then fine, go ahead and use a neural network. But if you want to do science and understand how to choose architectures, or how to go to a new problem, you have to understand what different architectures can and cannot do. I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas. Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more sobering and enlightening experience. Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith. The man who has no imagination has no wings. It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done. I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza. It's pretty amazing to me that my first hit record was an Elvis Presley record. I love my family and I miss them very much but I'm a new person now. I know a lot of people will not agree with what I've done, but it was right for me. Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook. And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion. Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal. Money is our madness, our vast collective madness. In West Virginia, the most vulnerable people we have are people who get up every morning and go to work. Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end. Sometimes your disappointments make you a stronger person for the future. I'm so an all-or-nothing person in dating, always. I'm big on not wasting time. And so, yeah, if something's not working, it's time to not hold people back. Later, I realized that the mission had to end in a let-down because the real barrier wasn't in the sky but in our knowledge and experience of supersonic flight. Thus a man was born into a fixed relation to certain gods as surely as he was born into a relation to his fellow-men and his religion... was simply one side of the general scheme of conduct prescribed for him by his position as a member of society. Hope can be the most wonderful thing in the world or it can crush your heart like an eggshell. I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth. The person who comes up to you and makes the most noise and is the most intrusive is invariably the person in the room who has no respect for you at all, and it's really all about them. I'm proud of the U.S.A. We've done some amazing things. To wear our flag in the Olympics is an honor. Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before. I have not made any plans for the future, and my wife would kill me if I announced anything before that. Ascetics and fakirs come to mitigate human suffering to heal us and lead us on the path. They put up with criticism they go through many worldly trials. Some of them have even become martyrs for our sake. But they have done all this with a smile and with gratitude to God. Hence sacrifice is a great virtue. As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool. There is a criterion by which you can judge whether the thoughts you are thinking and the things you are doing are right for you. The criterion is: Have they brought you inner peace? We must then build a proper relationship between the richest and the poorest countries based on our desire that they are able to fend for themselves with the investment that is necessary in their agriculture, so that Africa is not a net importer of food, but an exporter of food. I look to longevity. I just consider myself an actress and getting good roles. If being a 'superstar' gets me good roles, then that's a positive thing. But my goal isn't just to be a superstar. It's to act for a long time. I don't treat the band like I'm above them or that they're a hired hand for me. We've never worked that way. So I'm a team player. I would be very uncomfortable having to do this alone. It's amazing to me that they're cutting physical education programs in the school systems. I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night! Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps. Failure is a word that I simply don't accept. In the melting pot that is America, inclusive trumps exclusive. Whether it's single women, young adults, or minorities, alienating the rapidly growing voting blocs is not smart politics. He who angers you conquers you. Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. I'm trying to make a case for those people who don't have a sense of belonging that they should have, that there is something really worthwhile in having a sense of belonging, and recasting and looking at our modern history. My father was the son of immigrants, and he grew up bilingual, but English is what my father taught me and what he spoke to me. America's strength is not our diversity it is our ability to unite around common principles even when we come from different backgrounds. There's some things you just have to live with. Like twelve cars camping outside your house, and when you wake up in the morning, they're going to follow you wherever you go. It helps that I live in Valencia. It eliminates some. But they're still here. Recognition of belligerency as an expression of sympathy is all very well. When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl. Idleness does drive me crazy, but I'd rather read or write than do anything just to work. A kind of respect has been instilled in me for acting: I love it too much to ever have a bad relationship with it. There is an irresistible demand to strengthen the leadership of the constructive forces of the world at the present momentous time. This is true because of stupendous, almost unbelievable changes which have taken place in recent years on every continent. I didn't know if I had the music for it or if I could pull off the larger concert experience. Then I realized if I can just continue to be myself, I'll be all right. To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make. Gratitude helps you to grow and expand gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you. So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being. There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures. Football is a simple game. Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end, the Germans always win. The hardest thing to do is to trust people. Movie acting is a great job for your twenties: You travel all over, you have affairs with people, and you throw yourself into one part and then another. It gets more challenging as you get older, and it's not just having a daughter, it's wanting to have your own life and be yourself. I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are. It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office. No man is great enough or wise enough for any of us to surrender our destiny to. The only way in which anyone can lead us is to restore to us the belief in our own guidance. Full of wisdom are the ordinations of fate. I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously. All the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911. What is a movie star? It is an illusion. It was everything I ever wanted to be, but it became a kind of shell, non? It was what made me famous and got me women. But it wasn't real. If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. I think there are unseen powers who don't want pop music to be anything other than glorified Madonnas. I love the smell of shampoo on a girl's hair. You can walk past someone and be like, 'Wow, you took a shower this morning, didn't you? Because you smell lovely.' The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen. You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do. I love that we can trust Barack to do what he says he's going to do, even when it's hard - especially when it's hard. I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph. Nothing is so contagious as example and we never do any great good or evil which does not produce its like. If left unchecked, global change will create violent conflict, torrential storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe. Not being a comic book fan, being thrown into that and seeing the extreme - it's taken very seriously. So I tried to do as much learning as I could about it so I wasn't mean or anything. But I think Hillary Clinton is one of the most amazing women of this time. Some of my best friends are Venture Capitalists, but let's face it, a hamster with Alzheimer's could make those kind of numbers. It's great work if you can get it. I think journalists have the right to their opinions but I think their opinions should be based on history and what they see, not what they feel, how long they've been waiting or whether it's raining or it's snowing or whatever. I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple. The lyrics are constructed as empirically as the music. I don't set out to say anything very important. If you really want to be competitive in today's market you have to be in movies that make money. Society needs to condemn a little more and understand a little less. The formal education that I received made little sense to me. The reason for not getting married was that I just didn't have a partner to get married to. Climbing mountains was more attractive to me than marriage, or other fun things like that. Space is the breath of art. We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure. What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place. Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics. A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right, though neither believes it. The employee is regarded by the employer merely in the light of his value as an operative. His productive capacity alone is taken into account. My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef. I told my father I wanted to play the banjo, and so he saved the money and got ready to give me a banjo for my next birthday, and between that time and my birthday, I lost interest in the banjo and was playing guitar. Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them. I have found having my dad as my North Star has worked well for me. I'm so proud to represent the people of South Florida. I was so honored when President Obama asked me to serve as chair of the Democratic Party. But there's one job I'm even more proud of, and that's being a mom to my three kids, Rebecca, Jake and Shelby. Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's job with yesterday's tools and yesterday's concepts. Some artists are working to buy the mansion or whatever the element of fame must bear, but I spend all my money on my show. But, in the name of the experimental method and out of our poor knowledge, are we really entitled to claim that everything happens by chance, to the exclusion of all other possibilities? I figured out, I guess, that the job just makes me happy if it's not number one. So if it all works, great. If it doesn't, I still go home, look at my kids, and I have a big smile on my face. A relationship is like another job, you know, you have to work at it all the time. My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned. No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers. I am a filmmaker. That is all I've ever been. You know, Martin Scorsese makes films about the mob. And I make movies about food. Bad acting comes in many bags, various odors. It can be performed by cardboard refugees from an Ed Wood movie, reciting their dialogue off an eye chart, or by hopped-up pros looking to punch a hole through the fourth wall from pure ballistic force of personality, like Joe Pesci in a bad mood. I can respect bad acting that owns its own style. There is nothing in socialism that a little age or a little money will not cure. I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace. If you want a quality, act as if you already had it. To show the world what long experience gains, requires not courage, though it calls for pains but at life's outset to inform mankind is a bold effort of a valiant mind. I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them. The connection between dress and war is not far to seek your finest clothes are those you wear as soldiers. I remember driving home one evening while they were reviewing the papers on the radio. One of the articles was about me separating from my wife. It's a weird thing to listen to a news report about the break-up of your marriage. The advantages found in history seem to be of three kinds, as it amuses the fancy, as it improves the understanding, and as it strengthens virtue. I am quite strict as a dad but I don't want to be censorious. I have spent a lifetime watching kids make mistakes because they were not trained or well led or properly motivated to do well. I never faulted the kids rather, I saw opportunity to train, to motivate, to improve leadership - not to punish the individual. Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement. I am all about health... and to me, size is not what defines your health. As far as my dreams go, all I want to do is be a working actor, and I happily achieved that. If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us. I think people like to think I'm in some way financially dependent on my family - on my dad - but the fact of the matter is I've been emancipated from my father since I was 14 years old. That's something people don't know or understand. There are three species of government: republican, monarchical, and despotic. Relief organizations both large and small are coordinating deliveries of food, clothing, water, and other basic necessities to those impacted by Katrina. 'Pure experience' is the name I gave to the immediate flux of life which furnishes the material to our later reflection with its conceptual categories. O my brethren, my heart is enlarge towards you. I trust I feel something of that hidden, but powerful presence of Christ, whilst I am preaching to you. I was sad Jon Ronson, who wrote in the Guardian and has made a TV show for Channel 4, took against me. Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them. Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving. Therefore, don't let sinners take courage to think they will be favoured like the thief on the cross for we see on the other side, they may be like the hardened one, and reproach death itself. Make no mistake, in this campaign, I will offer the American ideals of economic freedom a clear and unapologetic defense. To me, to be a conservative means to conserve the good parts of America and to conserve our Constitution. There were times after my marriage ended where, you know, I really felt like I was at the bottom of a mountain, there was a great big, fog up there, and I'm never going to cross to the other side. 'Pure experience' is the name I gave to the immediate flux of life which furnishes the material to our later reflection with its conceptual categories. Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything! I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them. Psychopaths know the technical difference between right and wrong - which is one of the reasons their insanity pleas in criminal cases so rarely succeed they just fail to act on that knowledge. Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism. War on the other hand is such a terrible thing, that no man, especially a Christian man, has the right to assume the responsibility of starting it. Gardening is not a rational act. Art is the proper task of life. No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office. To all those who have suffered as a consequence of our troubled past I extend my sincere thoughts and deep sympathy. With the benefit of historical hindsight we can all see things which we would wish had been done differently or not at all. The Florida Supreme Court wanted all the legal votes to be counted. The United States Supreme Court, on the other hand, did not want all the votes to be counted. Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning. After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?' No woman marries for money they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first. Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love. You can figure out who you were by which movies you loved when. If God be God and man a creature made in image of the divine intelligence, his noblest function is the search for truth. Detainee policy in this war is hard, it's complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business. When I go on stage man I just want people to have fun, I don't want people to think about their problems, I want people to get energy and nutrition and food from that so they can go back into the real world and work on their problems. I love the concept of togetherness and the entwinement of marriage. I really don't like talking about money. All I can say is that the Good Lord must have wanted me to have it. I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home. The knowledge that there is a part of the psychic functions that are out of conscious reach, we did not need to wait for Freud to know this! What I'd really like to write is a romantic comedy. This is my favorite kind of movie. I feel almost embarrassed revealing this, because the genre has been so degraded in the past twenty years that saying you like romantic comedies is essentially an admission of mild stupidity. Attending that Convention and talking with those people and many others convinced me that I should become a blogger in my efforts to reform the government and uphold the integrity of the Constitution and the laws made in furtherance thereof. How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god. I have four shelves covered with journals that I've written. Dad and I are writing songs together. I've probably written 100 songs. Homey don't quit. What else are you gonna do? It's like those guys in the cartoon they get up in the morning, check the clock and fight all day and after it's over they check the clock and go home. That's how it goes. I am the son of a small and far-away nation and the other laureates have all come from different countries from all over the world and we all were equally received here with signs of sympathy. Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Show respect to all people, but grovel to none. We do not have a functioning market in the true sense of the word in health care. That's a layer of transparency that's sorely needed in America. I'm like, bursting. I should be working. I don't want to take a break. It's funny, on set, I don't have to go to the bathroom, I don't have anything wrong, I'm perfectly fine, so through-and-through. I'm not hungry. I'm literally not even in my own body. The idea that you earn things - that you earn respect, that you earn income, responsibility. the vote, punishment... these ideas are anathema to the liberal mind. Isaac and I are going to Israel to ride for peace enviromental justice and a safer world for us all. Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record. With Alexander's cancer, I was definitely brought to my knees for the first time because of the fear factor. But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me. I have thought about it a great deal, and the more I think, the more certain I am that obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child. There was a big drive when I was at art school to make you aware of the economy of meaning - after all, this was still during the tail end of minimalism. Being responsible for everything you put in your picture, and being able to defend it. Keeping everything clear around you so you know what is operating. To open the wound and keep it clean. In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. Old age is just a record of one's whole life. Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on. Science is one of a handful of things that defines us as a very special species. It is amazing how far we have been able to get and how accurate our predictions are. I think understanding how the universe was born is very important. It really gives us a perspective on many things. Science has everything to say about what is possible. Science has nothing to say about what is permissible. Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune. Cause and effect, the riddle of all history, is a particular devil in financial history and never more so than today, where entire classes of security are collapsing not on public exchanges and stock-tickers but because there are no markets to establish prices this side of nothing. My dream was always to be on the cover of 'Sports Illustrated.' The people who live in a golden age usually go around complaining how yellow everything looks. When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs. I always travel with my bike and it has become a little more difficult to do it nowadays, but I stick it in 3,5 by 6-foot case and wheel that thing in. Man is an idea, and a precious small idea once he turns his back on love. I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again. Papa always makes it clear that he would like to know me as much more rational and lucid than the girls and women he gets to know during his analytic hours. Love has its own time, its own season, and its own reasons from coming and going. You cannot bribe it or coerce it or reason it into staying. You can only embrace it when it arrives and give it away when it comes to you. Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work. A harmful truth is better than a useful lie. What was really funny is that as I got older all those guys who called me a sissy in junior high school wanted me to be their best friend because they wanted to meet all the girls that I knew in figure skating. I knew I'd just done one of the most amazing things that I will ever get a chance to do. Just to be part of a musical that's not your background and to pull it off and to think that we've done something that's really special. No part of the education of a politician is more indispensable than the fighting of elections. I know I was a great friend to Tiger Woods. But when you have a relationship that's involves business and friendship - and the business part comes to an end - things always get a little blurry. The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible. Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all. No matter how famous and established they were or however blessed they were with great songs or long careers, if they lived alone, they lived alone. That's not the way I wanted to live prior to the tour or after. We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales. No failure in America, whether of love or money, is ever simple it is always a kind of betrayal, of a mass of shadowy, shared hopes. Age is the first limitation on roles that I've ever had to encounter, and I hit that awhile ago. Everyone has determination - it's a question of how you use it. Hers is based on power and success and conquering she doesn't care what she has to do or who gets hurt in the process. In that way we're very, very different. I work with people I admire and respect. It's never because of who they are. For the things of this world cannot be made known without a knowledge of mathematics. Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time. Musicians are probably the most uncomfortable people in themselves in the world. Happiness, I think, only exists when you're a child and once you go past 11, unfortunately it's gone. I love coming back to Neath - this is home and always will be. When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights. I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career. Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man. LOVE: A word properly applied to our delight in particular kinds of food sometimes metaphorically spoken of the favorite objects of all our appetites. I'm one of those people who is actually inspired by a deadline. I might not sleep for many days on end, it may not be good for my health, but it definitely helps. People shouldn't trust artists and they shouldn't trust art. Part of the fun of art is that it invites you to interpret it. The EU is not a country and it's not going to become a country, in my view, now or ever in the future. It is a group of countries working together. By providing outstanding economic leadership, this country can wage its attack successfully - and can thereby build the foundations of a peaceful world. The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls. Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool. A lot of journalists like to suck up to celebrities, and then as soon as they're a safe distance away at their computers, they take shots. But that's the way society has become, especially in pop culture. If you have a government that is elected, they need to do the hard work - because if they don't, they won't be around the next time the ballot box is open. If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction. Listen friends, you have to face the truth: You are never going to be rich... The system is rigged in favor of the few, and your name is not among them, not now and not ever. Music is pretty much the lifestyle, not the music itself. The lifestyle really pulled me off the street. Made me want to do something organized and positive. You mustn't underestimate an audience's intelligence. I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women. Do not allow to slip away from you freedoms the people who came before you won with such hard knocks. The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. I have lots of records, quite a collection, actually, that I stole from my mom. I have the original 'Thriller' album and I have a really great 'Elton John's Greatest Hits,' and I also have a N.E.R.D. album. Records sound more original. They have more edge. When undertaking marriage, everyone must be the judge of his own thoughts, and take counsel from himself. When I was younger - it might be a romantic idea - I always thought I might go crazy. I think my books talk about kids learning to like and respect themselves and each other. You can't write a message book you just tell the best story you know how to tell. Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence. And once you get instantaneous communication with everybody, you have economic activity that's far more advanced, far more liquid, far more distributed than ever before. I love really good food and I don't ever want to spend too much for it, but I like hanging out and having really good, tasty, interesting food. Chess is not only knowledge and logic. I'm not really conservative. I'm conservative on certain things. I believe in less government. I believe in fiscal responsibility and all those things that maybe Republicans used to believe in but don't any more. The channels of intuitive knowledge are opened according to the intensity of individual need. How does one happen to write a poem: where does it come from? That is the question asked by the psychologists or the geneticists of poetry. In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative fight, flee - or laugh. The strangest thing that human speech and human writing can do is create a metaphor. That is an amazing leap, is it not? Truth is on the side of the oppressed. Marriage is like life - it is a field of battle, not a bed of roses. For me, I think the Lord wanted me to win to put a smile on Chinese people's faces. One of the best temporary cures for pride and affectation is seasickness a man who wants to vomit never puts on airs. The American Indian was an individualist in religion as in war. He had neither a national army nor an organized church. Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it. Again, the American people expect us to do what they are doing. It's tightening the belt, it's learning how to do more with less. That's a reality today, and we've got to do that in order to get the private sector growing. We climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2, 2011. I was the first boy in the Kennedy family to graduate from college. All nature is but art unknown to thee. Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does. Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer. President Reagan was a leader at a time when the American people most needed leadership. He outlined a vision that captured the imagination of the free world, a vision that toppled the Communist empire and freed countless millions. Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. This is not the time for partisan bickering. This is not the time for politics as usual. Some of us are Democrats. Some of us are Republicans. Some of us are Independents. Above all, we must be Oklahomans first. Irregularity and want of method are only supportable in men of great learning or genius, who are often too full to be exact, and therefore they choose to throw down their pearls in heaps before the reader, rather than be at the pains of stringing them. I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death. Any change is resisted because bureaucrats have a vested interest in the chaos in which they exist. I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times. All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words 'Ich bin ein Berliner!' Art seduces, but does not exploit. I dabbled in things like Howlin' Wolf, Cream and Led Zeppelin, but when I heard Son House and Robert Johnson, it blew my mind. It was something I'd been missing my whole life. That music made me discard everything else and just get down to the soul and honesty of the blues. Doorman - a genius who can open the door of your car with one hand, help you in with the other, and still have one left for the tip. We want to obviously foster a relationship that we're a partner with states that we all share the same goals of closing the achievement gap, just as the Congress does and that we're practical and sophisticated enough to understand what they're talking about. Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I'm recuperating now. I'm on a very bland diet. But, uh, I'm lucky, I was just lucky, that's all. It is the artist who realizes that there is a supreme force above him and works gladly away as a small apprentice under God's heaven. No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude. Between our birth and death we may touch understanding, As a moth brushes a window with its wing. I say at this point, for different reasons, Bush and Hussein are both very threatening to world peace and to deny that is to be incredibly naive. Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife. We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales. In every country today, there is politics. It may be authoritarian politics, but there is politics. Women have face-lifts in a society in which women without them appear to vanish from sight. I was the first in my peer group to get pregnant. All I craved was reassurance. I needed someone to tell me that all the seemingly random symptoms I had - weird things, such as excess saliva - were normal. And I was worried because I wasn't getting any morning sickness. With the theatre, your whole day is geared towards the evening's show, and that's the job. People usually go to work about 9 and come home around 5, or maybe 7. America is moving forward and gaining strength. We have been tested, and we have proven ourselves to be a tough, resilient and resourceful nation. Writing poetry makes you intensely conscious of how words sound, both aloud and inside the head of the reader. You learn the weight of words and how they sound to the ear. 'A Guide To Recognizing Your Saints' was the first real actor-actor part I did, and I hope I to do more. Action movies are fun, but I'd be happy not to do them if there are better roles. Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line. I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams. Prospering just doesn't have to do with money. And, one thing I definitely enjoyed personally, from a selfish point of view, was exploration and going to places that I had never been to before and learning, you know, meeting the people and getting to know, new sights and sounds, etc. To be proud of learning is the greatest ignorance. The right really dominates radio, and it's amazing how much energy the right spends telling us that the press is slanted to the left when it really isn't. They want to shut other people up. They really don't understand the First Amendment. Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition. Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration. I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him. Truth is something which can't be told in a few words. Those who simplify the universe only reduce the expansion of its meaning. I wanted to help raise awareness, so I created an environmental foundation called Just Within Reach. As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids. My dad, of course, like a lot of Asian parents, wanted me to be an engineer or doctor and never could understand why I would want to be a lawyer. And then, when I first said I wanted to run for office, he thought that was absolutely insane. It's not a very high failure rate if you choose people that you really like the sound of. There was no relationship between a wedding dress and fashion. There was no good taste, either. I realized that I could make an impression in terms of changing and readdressing the whole industry of bridal. I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. I'm very lucky! There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut. To enjoy my music, you need depth and emotionality. I developed that for a long time. I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen. That was a boxing movie. And between all that there were a couple of other things. My overnight success was really 15 years in the making. I'd been writing songs since I was 6 and playing in bands and performing since I was 14. We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn't build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We weren't going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build. I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse. Wisdom is humble that he knows no more. The songs keep on writing themselves, and I really love them. It's as close as I get to a religion. Time is what prevents everything from happening at once. I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning. One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying. Nothing can happen more beautiful than death. I was actually the one who decided to move to LA. Mom and I were driving on Sunset Boulevard during one of our trips back to see her family, and I said, 'Can we just stay?' So we did. As a novelist, I mined my history, my family and my memory, but in a very specific way. Writing fiction, I never made use of experiences immediately as they happened. I needed to let things fester in my memory, mature and transmogrify into something meaningful. This society in which we live is radically changing. What previous generations saw as evil is now embraced as being good. It is a dangerous and slippery slope upon which we stand when we reject what Solomon called the beginning of wisdom - the fear of God. Men think about women. Women think about what men think about them. I have heard Science Fiction and Fantasy referred to as the fiction of ideas, and I like that definition, but it's the mainstream public that chooses my books for the most part. Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times. I don't think people understand that being poor means you have to work from dawn until dusk just to survive through the day. I think there's some notion that poor people lie about all day not doing anything. We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, What's wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up? First of all, the Jewish religion has a great deal in common with the Christian religion because, as Rabbi Gillman points out in the show, Christianity is based on Judaism. Christ was Jewish. I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage. Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career. What I learned is that in business you must make decisions based on facts, not react with your heart. I don't know where I'm going to be in three years. Because I have the feeling that the future is so full of possibilities, to stop being an actress, to do something else... for me, the future is just a huge bunch of discoveries. In England, with all due respect, we have some of the plainest actresses in the entire world as our greatest. Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty. There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens. My strength was that I am more balanced and calmer than most other riders. One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you. I'd just like to be good at sports. I'm extremely competitive with absolutely nothing to back it up. Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. America, which has the most glorious present still existing in the world today, hardly stops to enjoy it, in her insatiable appetite for the future. Other states are trying to abolish the death penalty... mine's putting in an express lane. All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They. You cannot open a book without learning something. What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then you're going to have enormous impact on America, that's a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age. Also, as I lay there thinking of my vision, I could see it all again and feel the meaning with a part of me like a strange power glowing in my body but when the part of me that talks would try to make words for the meaning, it would be like fog and get away from me. Being in an area of the planet where scientists believe mankind started is quite amazing. I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail. I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from being French. I always was drawn to the performing arts. I started dancing when I was two. I sang, loved to act, and loved going to visit my mom on-set. But she wanted me to have a normal childhood, so I wasn't really allowed to pursue acting till I got older. The hoary joke in the literary world, based on 'Dreams From My Father,' was that if things had worked out differently for Barack Obama, he could have made it as a writer. Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind. Of course the Republicans have long wanted to privatize Social Security and destroy it. But Social Security has been the most important and valuable social program in the history of the United States. I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries. You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear. When I'm in the car and somebody comes on the radio singing the high notes, I try to sing along. A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all. It will work. I am a marketing genius. Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself. Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design. Romantic music really stirs my soul. And, of course, I love Chinese music it makes me feel closer to home. Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste. Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park. A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion. When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment. I was looking to do something non-fiction because I had done a strip, 'My Mom Was a Schizophrenic.' I really enjoyed the process of doing that strip, despite its subject matter. To do it I'd had to do a lot of research and reading and I figured I'd like to do that again. Now I meditate twice a day for half an hour. In meditation, I can let go of everything. I'm not Hugh Jackman. I'm not a dad. I'm not a husband. I'm just dipping into that powerful source that creates everything. I take a little bath in it. Temptation is like a knife, that may either cut the meat or the throat of a man it may be his food or his poison, his exercise or his destruction. Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does. Luck is not chance, it's toil fortune's expensive smile is earned. It's not life or death it's a game and at the end of the game there is going to be a winner and a loser. I think the difficult thing is the transition between TV competition series and going into the actual music industry. There still seems to be a slight disconnect there. The worst disease which can afflict business executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism. The way you continue to be a successful business is you don't wait for the car to go off the cliff. You have to manage yourself. And make sure you do it in the right way so you are not making decisions in crisis. Sigmund Freud said we act out our own dreams, but if you are only an actor you are not acting out your own dream. You are simply participating in someone else's dream. A state that suppresses all freedom of speech, and which by imposing the most terrible punishments, treats each and every attempt at criticism, however morally justified, and every suggestion for improvement as plotting to high treason, is a state that breaks an unwritten law. The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned. You need to be silly to be funny. Everything will line up perfectly when knowing and living the truth becomes more important than looking good. Something happens to us all when we experience something as a unit that doesn't occur when we're on our couches or holding our little portable DVD players. I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control. You know that I am living proof that the American Dream is real. Growing up, our congressman cut through government bureaucratic red tape to help my mom buy our first house. That's the kind of congressman I'll be. Men who care passionately for women attach themselves at least as much to the temple and to the accessories of the cult as to their goddess herself. People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend. Normally in dangerous situations I have a getaway car. These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date. What I look for when I see a piece of art for the first time is some kind of emotional, intellectual experience, that's a combination of both of those things and is informed by my knowledge and something new that I see the artist doing. I had the idea for the show like a year and a half, two years ago. And it was all about the things that I didn't like about TV. I was trying to create a positive solution for it. And it actually worked. The H-1B visa program which helps sustain our rapidly growing economy and also helps meet the health care needs of families living in rural New Mexico. Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness. Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative. Yes, but I don't think of the Teen Angel as of an age. Comrades, this man has a nice smile, but he's got iron teeth. I hope I've lived a life of science whose style will encourage younger people. I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it. Everything family does is reflection on the other people. All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things. As you may recall, Truman was extremely unpopular when he finally left Washington in 1953, thanks largely to the Korean War. Today, however, he is thought to have been a solidly good president, a 'Near Great' even, in the terminology of those surveys of historians they do every now and then. Measured in time of transport and communication, the whole round globe is now smaller than a small European country was a hundred years ago. How can people be so stupid? I marvel at that. See, I think you have to work as being ignorant - and if you're gonna work at being ignorant, why not work at being informed? I wanted to be an actress. In college I was a serious feminist and very political. I was determined to get one thing out of my career and that was respect. I didn't want money. I didn't care about fame. I think that the present is worth attention, one shouldn't sacrifice it to future conceptions of, of this future or that future. If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. If guys don't respect themselves, they don't respect other people. That's times and personalities. And all of them are not that way. But it don't take but one or two to screw up the whole crowd. The best vision is insight. A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it. It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. I was always attracted to science fiction movies. Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her. Through travel I first became aware of the outside world it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it. The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money. Money is a mechanism for control. Movies don't look hard, but figuring it out, getting the shape of it, getting everybody's character right and having it be funny, make sense and be romantic, it's creating a puzzle. Yes, having been a writer for so long, I have an awareness of when things are going awry, but it doesn't mean I know how to fix them. I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza. Only solitary men know the full joys of friendship. Others have their family but to a solitary and an exile his friends are everything. To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy. But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire. Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator. Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. I am interested in politics. I had learning disabilities, and I couldn't express myself in the written word. For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men. Well, first let me say that I think health care reform is important. It has to be a priority. And our system is broken. The Finance Committee bill is the best effort yet, due in large measure to the efforts of my colleague, Olympia Snowe, but it's not there yet. It falls short. I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel. Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results. You know, it's possible for two humans to be in a relationship without there needing to be some public reason for that relationship. Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation. I just couldn't go back to Suddenly Susan after David Strickland's suicide. I didn't see how we could make the show light and funny any more. Society lives by faith, and develops by science. My mother and I always had full adult communication. When you're a child, no matter if you're doing show business or sports or school or anything, you just want to make the adults happy. We must rediscover the distinction between hope and expectation. I've realized the extraordinary power of sports to heal, unite and inspire. I believe the Olympics will serve as the ultimate platform to provide positive changes and I hope to inspire all of Japan through my strong showing there. Whether it's viewers of the show or readers of my columns and books, I'm consistently impressed with their wit, humor and insight. That goes for about 95 percent of the audience. The other five percent are why the 'Delete' option and restraining orders were invented. I definitely think we get a lot of respect for what we do, but I definitely think that some people don't like us, which is fine. It is not hard to understand modern art. If it hangs on a wall it's a painting, and if you can walk around it it's a sculpture. It's easy to dislike the few senior women out there. What if women were half the positions in power? It would be harder to dislike all of them. There are some people who become best friends with everyone they photograph. There are people that I really like and admire and respect, but in a way I think it's better to keep a distance. I think you get better pictures of people that you don't know very well. I plant a lot of trees. I am a great believer in planting things for future generations. I loathe the now culture where you just live for today. Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time. We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us. God bless you if you have one child, but I don't think anybody should have just one child. Everybody needs a sibling. I have siblings, and I have so many amazing, precious memories with my siblings. I don't know what I would do if I had been an only child. In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation. I do not fear Satan half so much as I fear those who fear him. At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly. The wise man regulates his conduct by the theories both of religion and science. But he regards these theories not as statements of ultimate fact but as art-forms. Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves. I add this, that rational ability without education has oftener raised man to glory and virtue, than education without natural ability. It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. I woke up on the plane this morning and was turning on my phone and I had to put my pin number in. That's when I realized that since the age of 10 I've been using 2012 as my pin number. But now that I've won gold in the 2012 Olympics, I've achieved that goal and, for the first time in 14 years, I'll have to change my pin. You don't have to be a wreck. You don't have to be sick. One's aim in life should be to die in good health. Just like a candle that burns out. Homosexuality is against nature. Sexual expression is permitted only within marriage, between man and woman, male and female. Anything else is an abnormality and is against nature. I sort of feel that climate change will be solved by science. I just feel instinctively that we will find a way of saving ourselves. But I am less confident that we won't destroy ourselves in other ways. The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love. I still don't understand the music industry that much. Everything I learned was from hanging out with rock musicians in studios. I certainly have respect for those who make music their livelihood. The real war will never get in the books. People feel the worst film I made was 'Jack.' But to this day, when I get checks from old movies I've made, 'Jack' is one of the biggest ones. No one knows that. If people hate the movie, they hate the movie. I just wanted to work with Robin Williams. Find your self-respect now. Don't dumb yourselves down. Think of yourself as capable and worthy of finding a guy who is going to respect you, too. It's so important, I mean, and the confidence you get from feeling smart and tackling something like mathematics, which is a challenge, right? Math is hard. I think President Obama could have handled politics and policies differently. But he has been decisive, strong, and consistent - important qualities in a president. Mitt Romney is indeed an Etch A Sketch, the antithesis of leadership. As for gun control advocates, I have no hope whatever that any facts whatever will make the slightest dent in their thinking - or lack of thinking. I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can't have too many friends because then you're just not really friends. Great minds are to make others great. Their superiority is to be used, not to break the multitude to intellectual vassalage, not to establish over them a spiritual tyranny, but to rouse them from lethargy, and to aid them to judge for themselves. A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away. There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect. It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family. Nothing is given to man on earth - struggle is built into the nature of life, and conflict is possible - the hero is the man who lets no obstacle prevent him from pursuing the values he has chosen. Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off. Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours. I think for the most part people are proud of the bicultural foundation New Zealand is built on and the fact that we are a multicultural society. I totally disagree with the view that the Tibet struggle will die, and there will be no hope for Tibet, after the Dalai Lama passes away. I wouldn't go up on a stage now if you paid a thousand dollars for one minute of acting. It's a nasty experience. You're up there all by yourself. You're so damn exposed. If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me. If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it. Nobody was listening when I learned how to play music. But there's something about being on stage, talking to the audience, looking at them and smiling, that's always been difficult for me. I'm a lot more comfortable now, but there are still moments of awkwardness. Our laws governing lobbying and campaign contributions have struck the right balance between the wishes of the people and those of private industry, so why are we so quick to doubt that the same great results can be achieved by putting the government's justice-dealing branch on the same market-based course? If you can provide the funding and you get the leadership, you'll have a competitive team. If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart. I will end up with someone in the arts. I am positive. I eat, breathe and sleep acting. And I'll end up with someone who is happy staying at home and having me cook supper. But I also really need to be intellectually challenged and stimulated. I want someone bookish, and someone who is passionate. My mother was a teacher, my father was a community organizer. I come from a working class background. I believe you need scientific proof that something works before you entrust your health to it. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be. I'm a typical middle child. I'm the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybody's happy. It's hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy. Do not wait the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness. I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: no good in a bed, but fine up against a wall. I don't care about age very much. Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life? I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy. We've made science experiments of ourselves and our children. Our imagination just needs space. It's all it needs, that moment where you just sort of stare into the distance where your brain gets to sort of somehow rise up. It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer. It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything. We're living in an era of unprecedented change, and I want to be a part of documenting it. Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune. They always win who side with God. Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men. I had pro offers from the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers, who were pretty hard up for linemen in those days. If I had gone into professional football the name Jerry Ford might have been a household word today. My dad dragged me to a Bruce Springsteen concert as a kid. It was my first concert, but I fell asleep in the middle. My second concert was Weezer on the 'Pinkerton' tour, and 'Pinkerton' is the reason why I'm doing this. White actors still get way more money in Hollywood. It's been that way for a very long time. I hope it'll change, but it's a matter of forcing that change. Comedy was the key to everything. I grew up fast and controlled my future by bringing it on faster than it naturally unfolded. I cheated myself out of a childhood but then got a running headstart into adulthood that no one else could keep up with. All diseases run into one, old age. The best way to keep one's word is not to give it. The happiness of the creature consists in rejoicing in God, by which also God is magnified and exalted. People who don't read seem to me mysterious. I don't know how they think or learn about other people. Novels are a very important part of our education. Speaking from my experience as a person involved for a long time in building the European Union, it is important to have patience and efforts to build a community of nations. I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.' The anger of lovers renews their love. You can't just let nature run wild. I want to make a policy statement. I am unabashedly in favor of women. And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and we're going to get Americans working. I think that if Republicans are given the reins of leadership in the House or Senate or both, we will have to govern in a way - at least put forward solutions whether or not the president goes along with them or not, that deal with these long-term challenges. There are three modes of bearing the ills of life, by indifference, by philosophy, and by religion. I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society. The reason I keep making movies is I hate the last thing I did. I'm trying to rectify my wrongs. The most practical kind of politics is the politics of decency. Let me start with Yahoo. As we meet today, a Chinese citizen who had the courage to speak his mind on the Internet is in prison because Yahoo chose to share his name and address with the Chinese Government. Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them. I think English film is very embarrassed by patriotism, generally. The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them they change and everyone looks up to them. While 45 of the 50 States have either a State constitutional amendment or a statute that preserves the current definition of marriage, left-wing activist judges and officials at the local levels have struck down State laws protecting marriage. I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner. My goal on my bucket list is to write a romantic comedy movie. I think that lawyers are terrible at admitting that they're wrong. And not just admitting it also realizing it. Most lawyers are very successful, and they think that because they're making money and people think well of them, they must be doing everything right. One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge. If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive. You can tell your uncle stuff that you could not tell your dad. That is kind of the role of an uncle. I feel very much like a father sometimes but sometimes I feel like a teammate. Love and trust and justice, concern for the poor, that's being pushed to the margins, and you can see it. These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness. Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference. Because of technological limits, there is a certain amount of food that we can produce per acre. If we were to have intensive greenhouse agriculture, we could have much higher production. This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. That's what it's all about and that's why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. That's the beauty of the cup. The greatest homage we can pay to truth, is to use it. Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race. I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance. Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design. I will forever be thankful to the Malawians and international community, and my professional army and army general, who said: 'No, we will follow the constitution.' That's why I'm here. The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure. Death by starvation is slow. Another thing to do with the blues is how they were recorded. They were done on the quick, and some of that stuff was made on wire, not even tape, let alone digital. My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment. I meant exactly what I said: that we are saddled with a culture that hasn't advanced as far as science. It is the superfluous things for which men sweat, - superfluous things that wear our togas theadbare, that force us to grow old in camp, that dash us upon foreign shores. He is a very positive captain he is proactive as well as reactive. He is keen to read the game, to get in there, and he never stops thinking about the game, the situation, and trying to turn it to his advantage. He has been very good for the game. Sex keeps me in shape. I don't diet, I eat what I like. I love Mars bars and I smoke and drink. But I love running off in the middle of the day to make love. It really burns up calories. Gradually I became aware of details: a company of French soldiers was marching through the streets of the town. They broke formation, and went in single file along the communication trench leading to the front line. Another group followed them. Every moment is an experience. There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again. I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up. As for my diet, I try to eat lean, clean and healthy - nothing too surprising. And I avoid too much meat or dairy because they slow you down. Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom. If one man in the country could take all the money, what was the use of passing any bills about it? To do a great right do a little wrong. But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. To defeat the aggressors is not enough to make peace durable. The main thing is to discard the ideology that generates war. Being on 'Glee' was amazing. I remember my first day on set, my first day I arrived to the set I was in my trailer and all of the actors came and banged on my door - Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Amber Riley, Naya Rivera. They all welcomed me with open arms, so it was a great experience. It felt like family, and I miss them a lot over there. I believe every child has the right to a mother and a father. Men and women are not the same. That's not to say they're not entitled to equal rights, but they are not the same. You need to develop, somehow, a huge amount of faith and confidence in yourself, because there's a lot of rejection throughout an actor's life and you have to believe in yourself more than anyone else. We have a lot of existing customers which are also considering Linux desktop migrations and rolling out some of these programs, so we're learning from them. My band is so dedicated, everybody works very hard. The No. 1 priority is the show, and it's pretty cool because we all pull together, and it's fun. It's like being on a sports team or something. I have always said I will be in politics to serve as best as I can and it will take me wherever it will take me. I think we're all good and bad, but good's not funny. Bad is funny. Suppress the good and let the bad out, and then you can be funny. Our country is now taking so steady a course as to show by what road it will pass to destruction, to wit: by consolidation of power first, and then corruption, its necessary consequence. In the execution of Presidential decisions work to be true to his views, in fact and tone. Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think? I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions. There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances. Be thankful for what you have you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than. I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business. Being taken for granted can be a compliment. It means that you've become a comfortable, trusted element in another person's life. We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people. My mom was so people-friendly. She was incredible. She'd go to the mall, and she'd talk to everyone. Give people a kiss on the cheek. I think if I wasn't pushed around a lot, I'd be great with people. Maybe I still can be. World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man. No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words. In a repressive society, a writer can be deeply influential, but in a society that's filled with glut and repetition and endless consumption, the act of terror may be the only meaningful act. I suppose I look for humor in most situations because it humanizes things it makes a character much more three-dimensional if there's some kind of humor. Not necessarily laugh-out-loud type of stuff, just a sense that there is a humorous edge to things. I do like that. Bush's war in Iraq has done untold damage to the United States. It has impaired our military power and undermined the morale of our armed forces. Our troops were trained to project overwhelming power. They were not trained for occupation duties. On my best days, such as when I was a junior in high school coming off a 42-point performance and near triple-double, my dad was there to tell me I haven't arrived yet and bring me back to reality. I rise today in support of Bill C-38, the Civil Marriage Act. I rise in support of a Canada in which liberties are safeguarded, rights are protected and the people of this land are treated as equals under the law. I would like to be as fit as I've always been. I've been blessed with good health, I've been blessed with stamina. Particularly for those great classical roles, you need an Olympian stamina. I, fortunately, have that. In America, we have three major sports - baseball, football and basketball. They get the most coverage. Then there's things like golf which mop up most of what is left. But track and field? We are way at the bottom of the totem pole. The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom. It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change. I was emotionally and physically punched in the stomach. This is not a place where you go and deliver the lines and then you come back. It's kind of a life-changing experience. But it can't get better than this for any actor - this is like an opera. Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile. I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business. If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it. But as far as Twitter, I'll be in a restaurant and I'll get home and somebody tweeted and they talked about what I ordered and what I was wearing. In some cases, that could be dangerous, because you don't want everybody to know where you are every second of every day. There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money. Playing a character who's dealing not only with a superpower but having a normal relationship is easy to associate with, because I feel that everyone has been through it. I doubt I'll be singing forever, because at some point people aren't going to want to hear my music, and I hope that I'll still get the opportunity to write songs. There is still a lot of misinformation being spread about higher education funding arrangements under the new Act. The students page on my website sets out the main points in the Act. Read the news section of the newspaper and there is confusion and uncertainty, a world buffeted by large forces people neither understand nor control. But turn to the sports section and it's all different. Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true. Why love if losing hurts so much? I have no answers anymore only the life I have lived. The pain now is part of the happiness then. I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together. And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially. For my convalescence, I had to exercise my voice only with vowels. It is a medical rule after a long loss of voice. The poor monkey, quietly seated on the ground, seemed to be in sore trouble at this display of anger. A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor. I got a lot of problems, but I'm really good at intuiting what I need to do to be happy with whatever I create. I know when to stop myself, I know when to start, I know when to leave something alone. I guess I just kind of indulge that completely, and so I just take my time. School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice? In high school I was always thinking, 'Should I be doing more? What else should I be doing?' Now I know it will all come to me. I just have to trust my path, so that's very different. You can have the best technology in the world, but if you don't have a community who wants to use it and who are excited about it, then it has no purpose. Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage. Adoration is caring for God above all else. I can't tell you if genius is hereditary, because heaven has granted me no offspring. Sometimes people get mad at The Simpsons' subversive story telling, but there's another message in there, which is a celebration of making wild, funny stories. Species go extinct because there are historical contraints built into a given body or a given design. Music is a means of giving form to our inner feelings, without attaching them to events or objects in the world. The maid that loves goes out to sea upon a shattered plank, and puts her trust in miracles for safety. The 2010 global gender gap report by the World Economic Forum shows that countries with better gender equality have faster-growing, more competitive economies. AP promoted me to the White House beat because I knew Clinton, his family, friends, and staff better than anybody in the national press corps. Those contacts helped me break a few stories and get my career in Washington jump-started. I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free. So while an incredible amount of progress has been made, on this fifth anniversary, I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly: My administration is going to stand with you - and fight alongside you - until the job is done. Until New Orleans is all the way back, all the way. Catholicism played such a huge part in my life, I would not have survived without my faith. Reproof on her lip, but a smile in her eye. I wanted to escape so badly. But of course I knew I couldn't just give up and leave school. It was only when I heard my mom's voice that I came out of my hiding place. Writing doesn't come real easy to me. I couldn't write a novel in a year. It wouldn't be readable. I don't let an editor even look at it until the second year, because it would just scare them. I just have to trust that all these scraps and dead-ends will find a way. It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with and all that stuff that goes along with being married. I am one of those lucky people. And I think she feels that way too. So the romantic stuff is easy because you want them to be happy. I had been feeling a little rum. I didn't think it was anything serious because years ago I felt a lump and it was benign. I assumed this would be too. It kind of takes the wind out of your sails, and I don't know what the future holds, if anything. I've always overworked in the weight room. I love working with weights. I knew they'd give me the strength I needed. Fear is the denomination of the Old Testament belief is the denomination of the New. Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer. Journey with me to a true commitment to our environment. Journey with me to the serenity of leaving to our children a planet in equilibrium. You know, I think we Indians are afraid to show and celebrate our happiness, lest things change around. But I feel that it's okay to be sad and okay to show when you are happy. And it is easy to believe you are not good enough if you listen to everybody else. After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts. I don't want to spend the rest of my life in politics. When I'm finished with my term as governor, I'm going back to the life that's waiting for me in the private sector. I did skit comedy online for many years, beginning around 2001. Around 2006 I started watching a lot of food television and got re-interested in food. I come from a very food-obsessed family. But I also wanted to do my own thing, which was the comedy. All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography. There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best. If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time. It's up to the courage of the filmmakers to make art in cinema, not just business. John was rejected by studios, he borrowed money and did movies with his own money. You're either courageous or not. You have to find a way. Marriage is a very sacred institution and should not be degraded by allowing every other type of relationship to be made equivalent to it. Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone. Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught. The future is made of the same stuff as the present. God's voice is still and quiet and easily buried under an avalanche of clamour. He will easily be content and at peace, whose conscience is pure. Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution. Playing golf is like learning a foreign language. All these people who say success changes people well, no, it just magnifies what's there. If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work. Many museums are drawing audiences with art that is ostensibly more entertaining than stuff that just sits and invites contemplation. Interactivity, gizmos, eating, hanging out, things that make noise - all are now the norm, often edging out much else. People will survive, and they will find happiness. Happiness only comes when you're not looking for it. There's nothing like a home-cooked meal - nothing! When people ask me what the best restaurant in L.A. is, I say, 'Uh, my house.' It's more intimate. Food can connect people in a forever sort of way. Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture. I want to see friends more and travel more. There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness. I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey. Healthy children are born from healthy, respected, well-nourished and educated mothers and it is imperative that they have a voice in the decisions which affect them. If you empower a mother and let her have her say towards a poverty-free future, the positive impact this would have on ending hunger will be immense. I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible. A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part. I listen to music that is of our time and I just get angry. It was said Daredevil grew up in Hell's Kitchen, an amazing name for a neighbourhood. But that opened a Pandora's box of all the crime stuff I wanted to do. I borrowed liberally from Will Eisner's 'The Spirit' and turned 'Daredevil' into a crime comic. What one writer can make in the solitude of one room is something no power can easily destroy. We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age. I have lived in Mumbai for more than 20 years, have my domicile here, my home and family here. A lot of good love can happen in ten years. How can you sing of amazing grace and all God's wonders without using your hands? We have no general conceptual thrust for the band, other than trying to make music that keeps our interest. When things are novel, they are probably things we have discovered by accident or investigation rather than by design. I love making movies, but there's nothing like being in front of an audience. A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation. France is the country where the money falls apart and you can't tear the toilet paper. But there are too many people that make so much money at the cost of lives of other humans and for no reason but to make the money. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that. Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge. One way we can enliven the imagination is to push it toward the illogical. We're not scientists. We don't always have to make the logical, reasonable leap. No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. My husband, Sal, and I put date nights on the calendar once a week. I know that doesn't sound romantic, but otherwise it won't get done. Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies - an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus. All of this new government spending was sold as 'investment.' When resources are degraded, we start competing for them, whether it is at the local level in Kenya, where we had tribal clashes over land and water, or at the global level, where we are fighting over water, oil, and minerals. So one way to promote peace is to promote sustainable management and equitable distribution of resources. Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people. There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. Many a revolution started with the actions of a few. Only 56 men signed the Declaration of Independence. A few hanging together can lead a nation to change. Some people call it global warming some people call it climate change. What is the difference? In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved. New ideas should confront old ideas. We must refer to the example of Europe. People have fought to make Europe what it is today. Freedom is not something that is served up on a plate. When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt. An aphorism ought to be entirely isolated from the surrounding world like a little work of art and complete in itself like a hedgehog. When I ran for Congress I promised to help make health care affordable again. Sometimes laughing isn't the best judge of what's funny, 'cause I think there's a lot of things that are really funny that don't make you laugh, that don't make you physically, audibly make a noise, but is something that is much more powerful than that. Thus at the beginning of 1906 it seemed to be established that the emitters of the spectral series of chemical elements are their positive atomic ions. Travel is impossible, but daydreaming about travel is easy. There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless. What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do. You create a community with music, not just at concerts but by talking about it with your friends. The conscience of the world is so guilty that it always assumes that people who investigate heresies must be heretics just as if a doctor who studies leprosy must be a leper. Indeed, it is only recently that science has been allowed to study anything without reproach. When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew. My curiosity and my appetite for evolving as an actor is one of the main components of me still working today in the business. I have spent many years of my life in opposition, and I rather like the role. I think that every state in the union should recognize same-sex marriage. When I left my parents' home when I was 19, I went to the University of Florida, and within 24 hours was in the mental health department. And within 20 minutes, I was being told by the director there that they didn't have what I needed there. I want our government to encourage and protect freedom as well as our traditions of faith and family. The relevance for 9/11 is that what 9/11 marked was the beginning of a struggle in which the terrorists come at us and strike us here on our home territory. And it's a global operation. It doesn't know national boundaries or national borders. The importance of human life should be universally respected - and that refers to children before they are born and after. All children have the right to be brought up in a loving two-parent family where the notion of divorce is not even possible. The great end of life is not knowledge but action. I worked with creative people who were very demanding of me, and they helped me reach performances that I never could have gotten on my own without being pushed and having trust in them. And so I know the best way to get the best performance of an actor, and that's not to coddle them or to baby them. It's to help them it's to push them. People who don't see their nature and imagine they can practice thoughtlessness all the time are lairs and fools. The ultimate wisdom which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls faith rather than reason. It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear. The perfect date for me would be staying at home, making a big picnic in bed, eating Wotsits and cookies while watching cable TV. Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design. I think we ought to raise the age at which juveniles can have a gun. The Royal family to me are not England, and they are not the flag. Oh, the summer night, Has a smile of light, And she sits on a sapphire throne. Those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded. Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s. We are the meeting place, an entity that's trying to connect faith and culture. Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered. The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder. I have glaucoma, so use eye drops both morning and night. My motivation has always been health - eating healthy and taking care of myself. If you have a deep-seated need to be loved and admired every day, you shouldn't be in politics. You should go work at a pet store. Marriage is one of the most sacred human institutions. I asked our Senators, as many South Dakotans have done, to protect marriage as a union between a man and a woman. If you can make people understand why freedom is so important through the arts, that would be a big help. A strength to harm is perilous in the hand of an ambitious head. I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can. I believe in the power of weakness. I'm lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you. I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure. I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death. The great instrument of moral good is the imagination. There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach. Mr. Tennyson has said that more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of, but he wisely refrains from saying whether they are good or bad things. There's so many things I want to do. I want to work with great filmmakers, great actors, great scripts. And there's no reason for me to do anything short of that, because I'm 24, I don't have a family, I don't need to make tons of money, and I'm not dying to get famous. The happiness of the bee and the dolphin is to exist. For man it is to know that and to wonder at it. We read too much Shakespeare at school, and view our parliamentary politics as dynastic drama, in which an impatient crown prince frets at his long subordination and begins to scheme for the throne he knows he merits, was promised and has earned. Being grown up and in a serious relationship, I've learned so much. I'm happier than I've every been. All politics is local. There are two ways of lying. One, not telling the truth and the other, making up statistics. My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking. We didn't have television until I was about eight years old, so it was either the movies or radio. A lot of radio drama. That was our television, you know. We had to use our imagination. So it was really those two things, and the comics, that I immersed myself in as a child. I don't have anything to prove anymore. I don't have a record deal, no one has any expectations, I'm in a position of freedom. I don't need anyone's approval. Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion. Once you're famous you can't go back. I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt. We needed to go back on the offense and offer clear leadership on Iraq. War is not merely a political act but a real political instrument, a continuation of political intercourse, a carrying out of the same by other means. Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it. I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love. Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us. One of the biggest development issues in the world is the education of girls. In the United States and Europe, it has been accepted, but not in Africa and the developing countries. In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words. So much of it is the design of the shot or the motion of the character it's the work you do so that it has the same things that are in the movie. In just a few frames it's got to communicate something clearly and dramatically. In the same way that we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of learning. One of the things the government can't do is run anything. The only things our government runs are the post office and the railroads, and both of them are bankrupt. One cannot weep for the entire world, it is beyond human strength. One must choose. An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth. You need to put what you learn into practice and do it over and over again until it's a habit. I always say, 'Seeing is not believing. Doing is believing.' There is a lot to learn about fitness, nutrition and emotions, but once you do, you can master them instead of them mastering you. A problem is a chance for you to do your best. My relationship with 'Pollyanna' is a very personal one, because Pollyanna got me through my childhood. In fact, my mom always told me because I was the daughter of an Army officer born overseas in Paris, France, that under the Constitution she believed that I could never run for president. I definitely wanted to be an actor. I didn't want to be on TV, I didn't want to be famous, I didn't want to be anyone in particular I just wanted to do it. I see young people now who look at magazines, or American Idol and their goal is to have that lifestyle - to have good handbags, or go out with cute guys from shows, or whatever. But I definitely wanted to be an actor. We don't get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent. Because this is our life. Life is brief, and then you die, you know? So this is what we've chosen to do with our life. Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you. War is not an adventure. It is a disease. It is like typhus. To be great is to be misunderstood. I told you I'm not going to criticize my successor. I'll just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I don't believe that persuasion isn't going to work. Therapy isn't going to cause terrorists to change their mind. I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping. Woman is the salvation or the destruction of the family. She carries its destiny in the folds of her mantle. All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do. The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring. Flowers are without hope. Because hope is tomorrow and flowers have no tomorrow. The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way. Acting can be pretty challenging. I can't say making a romantic comedy is challenging, but to do anything well, you have to put yourself into it. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within. The only thing I believe is this: A player does not have to like a manager and he does not have to respect a manager. All he has to do is obey the rules. The relationship between Cathy and Mom in the strip is the one relationship drawn from real life that I have proudly never even tried to disguise. We say God and the imagination are one... How high that highest candle lights the dark. The government invented the Internet. Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal. Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them. Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other. The fellow that owns his own home is always just coming out of a hardware store. The qualities of an exceptional cook are akin to those of a successful tightrope walker: an abiding passion for the task, courage to go out on a limb and an impeccable sense of balance. I think a lot of women innately know how to play their hand. I'm not a big one for the rules. From politics, it was an easy step to silence. I pledge to you today that as president, in my first budget, I will introduce the largest increase in special education ever. I had an amazing experience working with great people. I had a great family, a typical family with drama in certain areas, and that's pretty much everywhere in everyone's life. It is incomprehensible that God should exist, and it is incomprehensible that he should not exist. We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now. Basically I was a rebel growing up. I got kicked out of six schools. But I don't think that it makes you less of an intellect. You know, if you ever crave knowledge, there's always a library. The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down. My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug. I suppose that every time there is difficulty. I remember about Space Mountain: It took us ten years before we found the technology that would allow such a ride. And during these ten years, I had a model that I kept, waiting for the technology we needed. My primary school teacher once poured a bottle of curdled school milk forcefully down my throat. Then I threw it up all over her suede shoes. I'd rather have drunk from the spittoon in Barney's barber shop. How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them. At least Obama was half-way honest about how much he was going to spend on health care. He had it at $600 billion. And the real number... is $1.2 trillion. I still work out on a daily basis. Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference. Written poetry is different. Best thing is to see it in performance first, then read it. Performance is more provocative. You and I and everybody in show business and the entertainment industry fly by the seat of our pants. We don't know quite what is going to happen. Learning how to improvise really awakened my interest in music. I know the power obedience has of making things easy which seem impossible. Happiness is obsolete: uneconomic. I loved photography and everybody said it was a crazy thing to do because in those days nobody made it into the film business. I mean, unless you were related to somebody there was no way in. For this reason, the expansion of relations with all countries is on the agenda of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean balanced relationships, based on mutual respect and observation of each other's rights. I realized the other day that I've lived in New York longer than I've lived anywhere else. It's amazing: I am a New Yorker. It's strange I never thought I would be. There was nothing more important I could do than be supportive as a dad. In this situation I was constantly exposed to danger and death. Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity. The moment a person forms a theory, his imagination sees in every object only the traits which favor that theory. There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear. All of a sudden, Hulk Hogan has become retro. Hulk Hogan has become cool again. So to come out and to hear how loud the fans are. To hear how loyal the fans are, it's truly overwhelming. I just can't believe I've been reborn in the WWE. Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains. My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success. If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears. The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream? I am Classic Rock Revisited. I revisit it every waking moment of my life because it has the spirit and the attitude and the fire and the middle finger. I am Rosa Parks with a Gibson guitar. Normal people don't just wake up in the morning and say I think it'd be a good idea to run for president of the United States. They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person. I've loved Michael Jackson, his music, his music videos. The problem with not having a camera is that one must trust the analysis of a reporter who's telling you what occurred in the courtroom. You have to take into consideration the filtering effect of that person's own biases. We also listen to PJ Harvey a lot of driving music. You need something a little more relaxing in the car. Some cause happiness wherever they go others whenever they go. If love is the treasure, laughter is the key. Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately. I'm looking forward to the day when America will mature to the point that we are a color-blind society. I'm not so sure that in politics that will ever be reality, because politics has a way of separating us based on skin color. I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world. My assignment is what every writer's assignment is: tell the truth of his own time. Irish women are always carrying water on their heads, and always carrying their husbands home from pubs. Such things are the greatest posture-builders in the world. This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something, they want to be a part of it - they're very hedonistic and sensual. I call architecture frozen music. A lot of people out there pay good lip service to the idea of personal freedom... right up to the point that someone tries to do something that they don't personally approve of. I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress. It just so happens that the green religion is now taking over from the Christian religion. I don't think people have noticed that, but it's got all the sort of terms that religions use... The greens use guilt. That just shows how religious greens are. You can't win people round by saying they are guilty for putting (carbon dioxide) in the air. Avoid lawsuits beyond all things they pervert your conscience, impair your health, and dissipate your property. What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign. Dream study impacts culture. We are put in touch with the inner poet who dreams. We hear our inner, subjective response to the outer world. That helps spiritualize our lives. Though I was excited about the Sojourner Truth play, it was not reassuring to think that my entire future might depend on the success of that one show. When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. To work without attachment is to work without the expectation of reward or fear of any punishment in this world or the next. Work so done is a means to the end, and God is the end. Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future. I always thought of myself as a moderate liberal, a fighter for peace and justice. I never thought of myself as being all that far out. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves. I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong. Than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil. Companies like I.B.M. have offered women scholarships to study engineering for years, and women engineers routinely get higher starting salaries than men. My mom's never been married. I've never even seen my mom kiss a dude. What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship? I have a disproportionate amount of faith in the goodness of the world and that everything will actually work out okay. People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something. You don't know what unconditional love is. You may say you do, but if you don't have a child, you don't know what that is. But when you experience it, it is the most fulfilling ever. Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like. I don't watch a lot of television. Sports and news, that's it. Life in general has never been even close to fair, so the pretense that the government can make it fair is a valuable and inexhaustible asset to politicians who want to expand government. My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families. The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. Consular cards were not designed to be identification and no treaty recognizes them as such. Legal travelers, visitors and long-term residents carried passports, visas or green cards for that purpose. We are so used to dissembling with others that in time we come to deceive and dissemble with ourselves. The promise of America has always been that if you worked hard, had the right values, took some risks, that there was an opportunity to build a better life for your family and for your next generation. Whenever I did a good performance, my Dad and my uncles, who were rabid movie fans, took me to the movies. There began my underlying love affair with film. If you're into architecture and you're from the West, everything is hors d'oeuvres for working to rebuild the Temple. Ultimately you're led there. You can't escape it. Everything is out there if you know how to find it, and have the patience. I don't and haven't, but that's my problem. A growing number of young women who have the freedom to decide have decided that career can wait, and the delicious early years of their children's lives can't. So much of my poetry begins with something that I can describe in visual terms, so thinking about distance, thinking about how life begins and what might be watching us. I love giving gifts and I love receiving them. I really like giving little kids extravagant gifts. You see their little faces light up and they get excited. If it's a really good gift, I love receiving it, like jewels, small islands. The less money you owe, the less income you'll need and the less you'll have to save for tomorrow. He was a degenerate gambler. That is, a man who gambled simply to gamble and must lose. As a hero who goes to war must die. Show me a gambler and I'll show you a loser, show me a hero and I'll show you a corpse. For one human being to love another that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation. It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile. The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored. Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle it or amaze it with itself, but with its subject. I have three dogs, a cat, fish. I'm a huge animal lover. They're amazing. Find what's hot, find what's just opened and then look for the worst review of the week. There is so much to learn from watching a restaurant getting absolutely panned and having a bad experience. Go and see it for yourself. There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively. If you know how to read, you have a complete education about life, then you know how to vote within a democracy. But if you don't know how to read, you don't know how to decide. That's the great thing about our country - we're a democracy of readers, and we should keep it that way. The Bible is one of the most genocidal books in history. One must not make oneself cheap here - that is a cardinal point - or else one is done. Whoever is most impertinent has the best chance. But you say, does it represent change? The change is that we are fighting an insurance industry that has killed health reform for generations. They're spending tens of millions of dollars right now to defeat this bill, and we're on the doorstep of winning a great victory for the American people. Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on. Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for. The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you. It is extremely important to me that the social and environmental issues associated with the production of fashion clothing are addressed. Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly. When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race. The strength that I have comes from irrigating the citrus plantation, ploughing in the vineyard, guarding the melon fields at night. I believe that's what gave me the strength. Well, you know, I was raised by a 1970s feminist. My mom had a consciousness-raising group. I used to sit at the top of the stairs and listen to them. If it were not for hopes, the heart would break. I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time. My favorite traditional Christmas movie that I like to watch is All Quiet on the Western Front. It's just not December without that movie in my house. We feel a lot of pressure about looking silly or appearing weak, whatever that means, or being a failure. You have to keep in your head: what's the worst that can happen? Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives. I have a vision that's about technology that empowers consumers over institutions. Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. All the arguments which are brought to represent poverty as no evil show it evidently to be a great evil. I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff. A free economy is as essential to society as democratic political institutions. A strong market-based economy is the fertile ground for democratic freedoms that we think are important. Americans different in some maybe thoughts or emphasis still have the same ideas. They want a government that lets them be free, that leaves them alone, that doesn't interrupt and interfere with every aspect of their life, that lets them go to work and keep more of what they've worked hard to have. Film is the manipulative medium par excellence. When you think back on the history of film and the 20th century, you see the propaganda that's been made. So there are moral demands on the director to treat the spectators as seriously as he or she takes himself and not to see them merely as victims that can be manipulated to whatever ends they have. Success consecrates the most offensive crimes. I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not. Happiness is a direction, not a place. I didn't want to have braces when I was a kid and I'm pretty sure my dad didn't want to pay for them. A woman's health is her capital. I have been pregnant in so many movies it's ridiculous. Life isn't meant to be easy. It's hard to take being on the top - or on the bottom. I guess I'm something of a fatalist. You have to have a sense of history, I think, to survive some of these things... Life is one crisis after another. Death is someone you see very clearly with eyes in the center of your heart: eyes that see not by reacting to light, but by reacting to a kind of a chill from within the marrow of your own life. Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done. Disease generally begins that equality which death completes. One fails forward toward success. We should believe in the strength and vitality of the values which constitute the E.U. and which neighbouring states can believe in and aspire to join. The best discussion of trouble in boardroom and business office is found in newspapers' own financial pages and speeches by journalists in management jobs. I am told that there have been over the years a number of experiments taking place in places like Massachusetts Institute of Technology that have been entirely based on concepts raised by Star Trek. I think that Scottish people, like Canadians, are often misunderstood and what I like about my Scottish friends and relatives is how quickly it can go from love to anger. It's a great dynamic. Other famous men, those of much talk and few deeds, soon evaporate. Action is the dignity of greatness. In the 1970s and 1980s there was so little decent fiction for young people, but we're now in a golden age that shows no sign of fading. Philip Pullman, J. K. Rowling, Lemony Snicket are only three of the best known among a good number of equals. Love thy neighbor - and if he happens to be tall, debonair and devastating, it will be that much easier. As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things. Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics. If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married. These years in silence and reflection made me stronger and reminded me that acceptance has to come from within and that this kind of truth gives me the power to conquer emotions I didn't even know existed. When someone has cancer, the whole family and everyone who loves them does, too. Oddly, I do have a problem with authority. I find it very difficult to knuckle down and follow rules. Which are the classic symptoms of someone who has a troubled relationship with their father. And yet, I never had a problem with my father. The problem is, is that President Bush and the Republican leadership in the Congress have resisted attempts to increase dramatically our fuel economy standards over the last five years. It's funny when people say you have sex appeal or call you the next Brad Pitt. I just laugh. I'm not that. I don't want to be that. Playing guitar was one of my childhood hobbies, and I had played a little at school and at camp. My parents would drag me out to perform for my family, like all parents do, but it was a hobby - nothing more. I feel strongly for gay marriage to be accepted. I'm a married man. If I want sex at this particular point in my life, I go home for it. I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl. My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles. My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. In the morning he was lying dead on one of the beds fully clothed. He was dead. I got the impression he wanted to go, and I must have killed him. I can't remember strangling him. I just sat there shocked. Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park. The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. Nine tenths of education is encouragement. Humor comes from self-confidence. Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards. In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?' All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me. The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind. To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle. Sometimes, you start with the drawing and then the gag comes to you in the middle of it. That is when you start working on the solution of the gag, which is composition, placing, equilibrium, and character design. There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so let's get on with it. As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one. At every turn, when humanity is asked the question, 'Do you want temporary economic gain or long-term environmental loss, which one do you prefer,' we invariably choose the money. In my family, in the days prior to television, we liked to while away the evenings by making ourselves miserable, solely based on our ability to speak the language viciously. Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men. Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future. Music will always be a part of my life. I love music and I don't care how many units I sell. Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them. I mean, Dodd-Frank is strangling small community banks. It doesn't make any difference what the interest rate is. They're not - they're not going to loan the money because they can't make any money for one thing plus the cost of compliance. Having a child makes you realize the importance of life - narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, I knew if I never did anything other than being a mom, I'd be fine. I want Americans to enjoy food. I want them to celebrate food. I want them to, on occasions, to have big cakes and great things. And I want them to indulge. I have been a reader of Science Fiction and Fantasy for a long time, since I was 11 or 12 I think, so I understand it and I'm not at all surprised that readers of the genre might enjoy my books. What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge in pursuit of the child. Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. I've never believed in singing about Satan and thinking he's cool, because he's not. Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change. My first public impression was my French teacher, Derek Swift. Experience is what you get while looking for something else. The combination of hatred and technology is the greatest danger threatening mankind. Bahrainis are better off than many other Arabs. We have a welfare state, everybody gets a salary whether they have a job or not. Electricity and food are subsidized school and healthcare are free. And we don't differentiate between Bahrainis and foreigners. We are very proud of that. I'd like to work with any actress from whom I can learn-one who has had many experiences with many directors and is willing to share some of her knowledge with me. You have got to believe in yourself every time you go out there and race. If you have no faith in your ability all that training has been a waste of time. One of the beauties of 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' is the very delicate and strange relationship between the two main characters. When I was younger, the pressure was just being cool. I never thought of myself as a cool guy. I always thought of myself as more of the goofy guy. Isn't it sad to go to your grave without ever wondering why you were born? Who, with such a thought, would not spring from bed, eager to resume discovering the world and rejoicing to be part of it? I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault. Silence is the mother of truth. I know it's not cat food, but what exactly is it that they put inside of tinned ravioli? My dad was born in Chicago in 1908... his parents came from Russia. They settled in Chicago, where they lived in a little tiny grocery store with eight or nine children - in the backroom all together - and my grandmother got the idea to go into the movie business. The art of mastering life is the prerequisite for all further forms of expression, whether they are paintings, sculptures, tragedies, or musical compositions. Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top. The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago, during a time of segregation, these were an ideal. The Republican argument that raising the debt ceiling encourages additional future spending is logically irresponsible. The debt ceiling has to be raised to authorize spending already approved by Congress. Despite that fallacy, the GOP has been able to score political points with its argument. There seems to be a terrible misunderstanding on the part of a great many people to the effect that when you cease to believe you may cease to behave. I don't know, I just want to be happy. I could be in a hole somewhere. Or I could completely lose it and be some hippy living in the woods with my dad. The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals but most people stuff themselves like cattle. It is women who bear the race in bloody agony. Suffering is a kind of horror. Blood is a kind of horror. Women are born with horror in their very bloodstream. It is a biological thing. Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions. A great city is that which has the greatest men and women. You will certainly not doubt the necessity of studying astronomy and physics, if you are desirous of comprehending the relation between the world and Providence as it is in reality, and not according to imagination. If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it. Well, another market is being created now out of Internet technology. Congratulations, you have a sense of humor. And to those who didn't: Go stick your head in the mud. We win by tenderness. We conquer by forgiveness. You know, the men go to tea houses with the expectation that they will have a nice quiet evening and not read about it the next morning in the newspaper. The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now. My dad was just a big Joseph Campbell nut. Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time. The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing. Love is what you've been through with somebody. You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old. I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things. Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day. The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art. The advice I've been giving to people all my life - that you may not be interested in the dialectic but the dialectic is interested in you you can't give up politics, it won't give you up - was the advice I should have been taking myself. I mean, there is amazing amount of oil and gas and other resources out beneath the sea. It's staggering. Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something. I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White. We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship, upward mobility, and individual responsibility. I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people. We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question. When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads. Life inspires more dread than death - it is life which is the great unknown. I can't change overnight into a serious literary author. You can't compare apples to oranges. William Faulkner was a great literary genius. I am not. I don't regret anything I ever do or say. I don't like to live my life being censored. I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest. What matters to me is learning and growing, and getting to do what I love to do. As long as I can do that, I'm happy. The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane. It's to be a person who's able to shoot little arrows into sacred cows and knock politicians off their pedestals, to look out for hypocrisy, advocate for all sorts of things from social justice to peace. If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there. There's always something to suggest that you'll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving. I'm noticing a new approach to art making in recent museum and gallery shows. It flickered into focus at the New Museum's 'Younger Than Jesus' last year and ran through the Whitney Biennial, and I'm seeing it blossom and bear fruit at 'Greater New York,' MoMA P.S. 1's twice-a-decade extravaganza of emerging local talent. I spend up to two hours a day on correspondence. Hearing from fans on the Internet and being able to directly respond to the fan base is exciting. You can cut out the middle man like the fan club... before a recent appearance in Tyler, Texas, I had fans reaching out on MySpace offering their lake house, Mavericks tickets. It was amazing. Britain, which in the years immediately before this war was rapidly losing such democratic virtues as it possessed, is now being bombed and burned into democracy. A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. Exactitude is not truth. Freedom is the right to one's dignity as a man. There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now. Get people back into the kitchen and combat the trend toward processed food and fast food. Well just meeting J. K. Rowling was amazing because she created all this world. And all the fans, we all get so obsessed with it and then you met the one person who made it all up. It was just so amazing. And I was just so amazed that that she wrote this book and all of the films have happened. If a weakly mortal is to do anything in the world besides eat the bread thereof, there must be a determined subordination of the whole nature to the one aim no trifling with time, which is passing, with strength which is only too limited. It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear! When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs. Let us live for the beauty of our own reality. I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.' The universities have got a job here as well in making sure that people actually understand that we're open for university students coming into the U.K. There's a job here not just for the government, I think there's a job for the universities as well to make sure that people know that we are open. The confidence in another man's virtue is no light evidence of a man's own, and God willingly favors such a confidence. The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led. I took up writing to escape the drudgery of that every day cubicle kind of war. There is never jealousy where there is not strong regard. I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face. The architecture of a story can be a little bit different if it's a true story. An act of goodness is of itself an act of happiness. No reward coming after the event can compare with the sweet reward that went with it. A smile costs about $240. A friend of mine said, no matter what I do I always look like an English teacher. She actually said, you still look like a Campbell's Soup kid. Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture. Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent. Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. I haven't really decided to be an actor yet! I started doing plays when I was about 15 or 16. I only did it because my dad saw a bunch of pretty girls in a restaurant and he asked them where they came from and they said drama group. He said, 'Son, that is where you need to go.' It's almost charity work, what people have done, turning other people on to my music. God is stronger than their strength, more loving than their uttermost love, and in so far as they have loved and sacrificed themselves for others, they have obtained the infallible proof, that God too lives and loves and gives Himself away. The old studios that mass-produced dreams are gone with the wind, just like the old downtown theaters that were the temples of the dreams. I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process. Beating Pakistan is always special because they are a tough team and we have a bit if a history regarding Pakistan. The average husband enjoys the total effect of his home but is usually unable to contribute any of the details of work and organisation that make it enjoyable. I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids. Strip malls are history. Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad. Generally, I like making my own mistakes and learning from them because that's what I think life is about. So I think democracy, in the long-term, in our countries will survive if it comes to be associated with leadership, will not survive if democracy plus media brings to us more and more followship rather than leadership. In my particular instance, I came from a family that didn't have anything. Everything I earned in life I made. Myself. With songs that I wrote. Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world. I want to kick-start your imagination and let you discover the places it can take you. People look for their leadership to lead. Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep. Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves. I have deep respect for people's individual faith, but when faith gets connected to the machinery of state, or the machinery of hate, I find it very confronting. This Halloween, the most popular mask is the Arnold Schwarzenegger mask. And the best part? With a mouth full of candy you will sound just like him. Music is a weapon in the war against unhappiness. I don't necessarily love the sports per se, I love the stories behind them. Also in a kind of perverse way I like to study what it does to us, why we care so much. It's caring about something that's utterly meaningless. When my friends have a health concern, they call me. I've always been a vitamin taker. I also take digestive enzymes and antioxidants, and supplements that help with the thyroid and adrenals for my time-zone changes. Unless we make education a priority, an entire generation of Americans could miss out on the American dream. Faith is a higher faculty than reason. Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane. The people of the world genuinely want peace. Some day the leaders of the world are going to have to give in and give, it to them. Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life. Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten. Human beings do not eat nutrients, they eat food. I can remember when I was National Security Adviser, the intelligence community told us... they put out an intelligence report saying that Iran would never back off from attacks on shipping in the Gulf if we use force. We still have people in the active duty, and if people are feeling ill, if they're experiencing various symptoms and they're still in the active duty, they're less likely to come forward because that could result in their medical discharge. A decision once taken brings peace to a man's mind and eases his soul. I feel strongly for gay marriage to be accepted. But in the first Gulf war the United Kingdom was not under any threat from Iraq, and is still less so in the second one. Then there is no justification for obstructing freedom of information, particularly as nations have a right to know what their soldiers are being used for. In business, words are words explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality. When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them. I rise today to offer a formal and heartfelt apology to all the victims of lynching in our history, and for the failure of the United States Senate to take action when action was most needed. I decided to devote my life to telling the story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the dead. and anyone who does not remember betrays them again. Knowledge is what we get when an observer, preferably a scientifically trained observer, provides us with a copy of reality that we can all recognize. One killer exercise that's really great is pull-ups with your legs out level. That's my favourite. It's such functional core strength, and that's why I can climb up trees and down vines. Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet. I loved the movies and I wanted to be like Marilyn Monroe. I thought she was so glamorous and everyone seemed to love her. I wanted to be like that and I told everyone I would be the next Marilyn Monroe. And what's more I've got no need for anyone to tell me how to do it. I am not interested. You act how you want to and leave me alone to do my own thing. My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it. Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination. I remember when I was 11, I told my mom, 'One day I'm going to buy you a house.' And she said, 'Boy, don't you be making promises you can't keep.' I was like: 'No, Ma, it's not a promise. I'm going to buy you a house one day.' If you're too embarrassed and want to hide behind your computer screen, that's what this is for. It's about building confidence and that's what U by Kotex does. Girls owning their bodies and health. It's easy to dislike the few senior women out there. What if women were half the positions in power? It would be harder to dislike all of them. At school, there was an annual school disco and I'd be standing in my bedroom wondering what to wear for hours on end. Eventually I'd arrive at a decision that was just the most ridiculous costume you could have ever devised - I think it was probably knitted Christmas jumpers on top of buttoned-up white shirts. My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine. I think I'm also more open to other writers being present and listening to other opinions, whereas before I was going through my angsty teen years while making records. Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought. Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans' anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed. For me, the highest level of sexual excitement is in a monogamous relationship. My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that. Birds sing after a storm why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them? Everyone comes up to me saying, 'Cooee, Julie! Hello!' as if I know them. Of course I don't bloody know them. Am I flummoxed by it? Sometimes. I think, 'Ooh, love, go easy.' For a time, I did feel this pressure that I had to be funny, but it passes. Fast sex, like fast food, is cheap, but it doesn't nourish the body - or the soul. If I feel strongly, I say it. I know I can do more good by being vocal than by staying quiet. I'd have a whole lot more money if I lied, but I wouldn't enjoy spending it. I'd make a terrible surgeon. The fear of blood? Very high on my list. Blood alone moves the wheels of history. I began to fear that Mos Def was being treated as a product, not a person, so I've been going by Yasiin since '99. At first it was just for friends and family, but now I'm declaring it openly. Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost. Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth. Leap, and the net will appear. I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation. He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you. I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence? Hope is a waking dream. I've directed seven movies and know a thing or two about dealing with unexpected crises. Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand. I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story. Hollywood and the recording industry argue that current law permits the copying of songs and movies, and sharing them on the Internet. This enables young people to grow up learning how to steal. A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you. I was very active in the peace movement, still am. History can never be covered up. The wonderful thing about age is that your knees don't work as well, you can't run down steps quite as easily and obviously you can't lift heavy weights. But your mind doesn't feel any different. All those vitamins aren't to keep death at bay, they're to keep deterioration at bay. But I don't begrudge anybody, because I know how hard it is to have that dream and to make it happen, whether or not it's just to put a roof over your head and food on the table. I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war. Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. As I said there is nothing wrong with failing. Pick yourself up and try it again. You never are going to know how good you really are until you go out and face failure. Fudging the data in any way whatsoever is quite literally a sin against the holy ghost of science. I'm not religious, but I put it that way because I feel so strongly. It's the one thing you do not ever do. You've got to have standards. Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends. People have called me Superman my whole life. In various sports, that seems to be the common theme. My favorite superhero is actually the Incredible Hulk. He's the only superhero that can't die. Poetry must have something in it that is barbaric, vast and wild. We opened a design center in the South of England last year as part of our strategy for being close to our customers and developing innovative products for exciting new markets. I did this role in Life Goes On as an HIV positive character and so emotionally that was the most challenging. Well, I'm not a member of the permanent political establishment, and I've learned quickly these last few days that if you're not a member in good standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone. I'd love to do more action stuff, in the future. Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history. I realise that in this undertaking I place myself in a certain opposition to views widely held concerning the mathematical infinite and to opinions frequently defended on the nature of numbers. There would be no great men if there were no little ones. I love short trips to New York to me it is the finest three-day town on earth. The government can only be brought down because it alienates several parties in the House. Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage. A child's fear is a world whose dark corners are quite unknown to grownup people it has its sky and its abysses, a sky without stars, abysses into which no light can ever penetrate. Art is good, bad, boring, ugly, useful to us or not. Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers. The sources of poetry are in the spirit seeking completeness. I have this home in New York, I have a long-term relationship with my boyfriend, who's from Australia, and I had this business that I had maintain. Even though I wasn't actively shooting, there's a lot of peripheral work. For 'Around the World in 80 Plates' we got to travel all over, having what was like a cross between a culinary competition and races. And in each country we had a chef Ambassador. We went to London, Barcelona, Bologna, Hong Kong, Thailand, Morocco... It was amazing. Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. We pay when old for the excesses of youth. Where love is, there God is also. Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages. Thrift is of great revenue. Obama has been attacked repeatedly for not wearing a flag pin, with Republicans claiming that his patriotism is in question. It's all a bit silly. In my whole career, I've never seen this type of race that you had to wait for the last day. There's so many teams that are involved. You've got to smile because we're in it. To have great poets, there must be great audiences. Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. I tend to score with songs from Western pop music. The New York Quarterly is an amazing, intelligent, crazy, creative, strange, and indispensable magazine. You may choose your words like a connoisseur, And polish it up with art, But the word that sways, and stirs, and stays, Is the word that comes from the heart. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children. Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man. We are ultimately alone in that we are ultimately responsible for ourselves. I grew up in the '80s where there's a lot of these kind of post-apocalyptic, post-comet, post-whatever it was, so that always captured my imagination a lot as a little kid, that idea of getting access to secret places and being able to roam around where you're not supposed to. We have initiated programs for re-entry offenders, since some 500,000 to 600,000 offenders will come out of prison each year for the next three or four years. We want to have positive alternatives when they come back to the community. Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. Enslave the liberty of but one human being and the liberties of the world are put in peril. Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you. Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man. Courage, my friends 'tis not too late to build a better world. Hold fast to youth and beauty. I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.' They are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their own powers. I've figured out my learning curve. I can look at something and somehow know exactly how long it will take for me to learn it. That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place. The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory. A truer image of the world, I think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is. Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago. Proper school nutrition must be complemented by activities outside of the cafeteria. The decisions parents make to keep their kids healthy are critical in fighting this battle on the home front. When I was a kid, I thought movie stars were women and men who were in these great films that we still look at now. But I don't think there are too many films coming out these days that we're going to look at in the future and say, 'This is one of the great ones.' Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for. Lila can't be a model until she's at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit. I realised one day that men are emotional cripples. We can't express ourselves emotionally, we can only do it with anger and humour. Emotional stability and expression comes from women. Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof it is temporary expedient, often wise in party politics, almost sure to be unwise in statesmanship. Human beings are much bigger than just making money. I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. I don't care how pumped up or psyched you are to start a new diet or a new program - that emotion will fade. We were pretty good mates until the Beatles started to split up and Yoko came into it. It was more like old army buddies splitting up on account of wedding bells. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history. Just as in earthly life lovers long for the moment when they are able to breathe forth their love for each other, to let their souls blend in a soft whisper, so the mystic longs for the moment when in prayer he can, as it were, creep into God. Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice. Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible not to run away. Many people around the President have sizeable egos before entering government, some with good reason. Their new positions will do little to moderate their egos. Money is a good thing and it's obviously useful, but to work only for money or fame would never interest me. It is a challenge, with the global fame, to try to act like I put my pants on one leg at a time, when in fact I have Pippa Middleton help me put my pants on every morning. She's my lady-in-waiting as well. I don't like rap music at all. I don't think it's music. It's just a beat and rapping. If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure. Stabilizing the euro is one thing, healing the culture that surrounds it is another. A world in which material values are everything and spiritual values nothing is neither a stable state nor a good society. The time has come for us to recover the Judeo-Christian ethic of human dignity in the image of God. I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy. There is no such whetstone, to sharpen a good wit and encourage a will to learning, as is praise. The world is my country, science is my religion. It was important on The Shipping News to have my house far enough away from each location so I had this time in the morning to think about my shots and still remain open to surprises once I got to the set. Rather be dead than cool. I can't turn on the television without seeing me, or open the newspaper without seeing me and, honestly, I'm sick to death of me. I don't want to hope anymore. I don't think we should hope anymore. We hoped enough. Now we have to do. We all have to do now. The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority. Those who wish well to the State ought to choose to places of trust men of inward principle, justified by exemplary conversation. I think it's unfortunate that there exists only one path in America to complete social legitimacy, and that is marriage. I think, for instance, that it would be far easier for Americans to elect a black president or a female president than an unmarried president. All the learning in the world cannot replace instinct. I rate Morrissey as one of the best lyricists in Britain. For me, he's up there with Bryan Ferry. I think the greatest amount of pressure is the pressure I place on myself. So in a way I chose to be alone. My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead. When money and hype recede from the art world, one thing I won't miss will be what curator Francesco Bonami calls the 'Eventocracy.' All this flashy 'art-fair art' and those highly produced space-eating spectacles and installations wow you for a minute until you move on to the next adrenaline event. I have no other view than to promote the public good, and am unambitious of honors not founded in the approbation of my Country. The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents. I try not to tune in to politics until it's two or three months before the election. Till then, it's like watching preseason football. We cannot rest until we make sure that our families can afford to live and raise their kids here, that our seniors can remain in their homes and afford their health and pharmaceutical costs. I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear. Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication. When I get in the car I love my wife and kids more than anything, but I'm not thinking about that side of things. I'm thinking about the car, I'm thinking about the race and I'm thinking about how to make the car faster. I've kind of come to the conclusion that what passes for realism in movies has nothing to do with reality and that my stuff is more realistic than that. In religion as in politics it so happens that we have less charity for those who believe half our creed, than for those who deny the whole of it. We are a very crafty family. The single outstanding exception was the broad yet precise mandate communicated by the General Assembly in 1946 to prepare as soon as possible the Charter of Human Rights which the San Francisco Conference had not had the time or the courage to draw up. I always preferred to hang out with the outcasts, 'cause they were cooler they had better taste in music, for one thing, I guess because they had more time to develop one with the lack of social interaction they had! Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them. I would never do a commercial for something that is embarrassing, and I think that people maybe have a different perspective on what is embarrassing or not. Some people think doing a Revlon hair commercial is really cool. To me, that's embarrassing, but World of Warcraft - not embarrassing, very cool. When women go wrong, men go right after them. In this great age of communication, there a lot of people you can't actually understand. I know everyone tweets, and twits and texts and all that, but actually we've all got voices, and it is awfully nice to hear them and if you can understand what people are saying. I love that men like to look at women, that they love sports, that they need to know the inner workings of mechanical objects. I love the whole makeup of men - that they never mature and are always just boys. From our perspective, trying to deal with this continuing campaign of terror, if you will, the war on terror that we're engaged in, this is a continuing enterprise. The people that were involved in some of those activities before 9/11 are still out there. If you cast your bread upon the water and you have faith, you'll get back cash. If you don't have faith, you'll get soggy bread. Sometimes power is all a person has, so they will protect it even unto their own destruction, for without power they have nothing. When you live in an alcoholic family or an abusive family, you tiptoe, you don't want to step on any mines. To be frank, I suspect that today there is little respect for Christianity as source of moral teaching about goodness. The position that I take partly as a result of living in Asia is where you stop living according to your expectations and you become available to experience things as they are. Practice puts brains in your muscles. My doctor explained that exercise and diet changes might help and that I also might need a medication. American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation. I never left France for Hollywood nor stashed my money in Switzerland. Now I need to take a piece of wood and make it sound like the railroad track, but I also had to make it beautiful and lovable so that a person playing it would think of it in terms of his mistress, a bartender, his wife, a good psychiatrist - whatever. I think sometimes all you need is to hear someone else say the same thing that you're going through to realize that you're not alone. I try to put some sense of hope into the songs, into whatever the situation is so that it's not just dirt, drudgery and a life of misery. It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies. There would be no great men if there were no little ones. I try to make my bed every day for mental health. Coming home to an unmade bed or a room with clothes all over will depress me. Music and language are a vital element. We, as actors and directors, offer it to people who want to experience it. Sometimes the actual meaning is less important than the words themselves. But, when we started our product portfolio, we focused the mixed signal requirements first for image processing devices and then in audio applications , targeting our technology into the growing use of digital technology in consumer markets. First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others. I have a greater goal - to empower young people through music education. A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it. I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions. I had a very, very difficult relationship with my mother, who was supremely self-centred. She was hilariously self-centred. She did not really take interest in anything that didn't immediately affect her. It is the merit of a general to impart good news, and to conceal the truth. You have to work hard for what you want to achieve and you have to set goals and dreams and really go for them. I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue. People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error. And as far as false hope, there is no such thing. There is only hope or the absence of hope-nothing else. The family is the test of freedom because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself. Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool. Millions of people were inspired by the Apollo Program. I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration. To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. Mothers, unless they were very poor, didn't work. Both of my parents had to leave education. My mother had to work in a cotton mill until 18 or 19, when she took some training in domestic science. Racism is beyond common sense and has no place in our society. Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one Helen Keller is the other. I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt. I've always felt that technology can be used to our benefit and should be used to our benefit. Well, just being stupid and politically incorrect doesn't work. You can be politically incorrect if you're smart. Right now people seem to be very tentative about the positive benefits of capitalism. The Holocaust illustrates the consequences of prejudice, racism and stereotyping on a society. It forces us to examine the responsibilities of citizenship and confront the powerful ramifications of indifference and inaction. I am not suggesting that all those missionary organizations working in Haiti should pack up and go home, but I am urging them to understand that Haiti does not need clever Americans with newly contrived schemes for saving their country. I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior. The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed. Democrats believe that the federal government is not our enemy, it's our partner. The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul. There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect. There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle. It's a very brave thing to fall in love. You have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave. The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new. I had really great parents who always gave me lots of opportunity for choice, but I didn't always realize how rare that was for a girl for them to say, 'You can be a mom or have a career or do both or do something we haven't thought of yet.' If you're a singer you lose your voice. A baseball player loses his arm. A writer gets more knowledge, and if he's good, the older he gets, the better he writes. Men like women who write. Even though they don't say so. A writer is a foreign country. I bless God for this retirement: I never was more thankful for any thing than I have been of late for the necessity I am under of self-denial in many respects. Nature, more of a stepmother than a mother in several ways, has sown a seed of evil in the hearts of mortals, especially in the more thoughtful men, which makes them dissatisfied with their own lot and envious of another s. I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.' Start with God - the first step in learning is bowing down to God only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning. We have an incredible warrior class in this country - people in law enforcement, intelligence - and I thank God every night we have them standing fast to protect us from the tremendous amount of evil that exists in the world. Conventional wisdom on government's role in inequality often has it backwards. Tax reforms have resulted in a more progressive federal income tax government transfer payments have become less progressive. Some have argued that confronting the threat from Iraq could detract from the war against terror. To the contrary, confronting the threat posed by Iraq is crucial to winning the war on terror. Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person. It is great to be a blonde. With low expectations it's very easy to surprise people. It's not always been a happy marriage. I guess I wanted a quick fix. A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon. Research is of considerable importance in certain fields, such as science and history. Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier. Music fathoms the sky. Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future. Now science has presented us with a hope called stem cell research, which may provide our scientists with many answers that have for so long been beyond our grasp. Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality. Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers. No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today. There's a victory, and defeat the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself. We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. I think I'm a combination of very simple pleasures and the fact I've read a lot of books. I don't think it's a binary opposition across the board in humans and I think I'm an example that it's not. I'm hosting gay marriage rallies and I have tons of guns at home. There's a lot of middle ground in the world and I'm one of those people. Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age. Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning. I think the greatest amount of pressure is the pressure I place on myself. So in a way I chose to be alone. If Apple's a technology company in the music industry, why can't somebody in the music industry make technology? See, the 'On the Road' that came out in 1957 was censored. A lot of the honesty of it, the bitter honesty, is in the original scroll version that came out in 2007 on the 50-year anniversary. Back then, there was so much post-Second World War fear that was imposed on everybody - 'You must live life this way' - and these guys were bored. People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get. In art economy is always beauty. Sure, I suffered a lot. But it's not like the end of the world and it's not who I am. I lead quite a pleasant life and I'm able to divorce a perceived reality from my actual experience of life. We believe that if you put in place the mechanisms that allow for personal choice as far as Medicare is concerned, as well as the programs in Medicaid, that we can actually get to a better result and do what most Americans are learning how to do, which is to do more with less. Effectively, change is almost impossible without industry-wide collaboration, cooperation and consensus. I'm so incredibly tired of giving respect to a lot of delusions and crazy ideas just because they are regarded as religions. I don't wilt easily, and a director can't either. He's the captain of the ship and he's got to be in total control. He also has to have respect for the people he's working for. From being an actor and being on a set my whole life, I'm very comfortable there. And I'm not afraid. Truthfully, I almost avoided 'While You Were Sleeping,' because I find those romantic comedies kind of precious, and they're full of lines that leave you feeling a little bewildered when you say them. The coal industry is an even larger part of the Australian economy than it is of the American, and it has an enormous amount of political power. For a successful entrepreneur it can mean extreme wealth. But with extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference. I just hate one-dimensional portrayals of religion it's too cheap and easy to do, and ignores the nuances that go into having a belief system. Young people these days don't trust anything at all. They want to be free. No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe. Two nations between whom there is no intercourse and no sympathy who are as ignorant of each other's habits, thoughts, and feelings, as if they were dwellers in different zones, or inhabitants of different planets. The rich and the poor. Put two or three men in positions of conflicting authority. This will force them to work at loggerheads, allowing you to be the ultimate arbiter. Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination. Save for the wild force of Nature, nothing moves in this world that is not Greek in its origin. Only in death will I relinquish my belts. If we change the definition of marriage to be more inclusive, then it is logical to argue that we should broaden the definition so that won't exclude anyone. My major allegiance has been to storytelling, not to history. Health food makes me sick. I hated the royal wedding. People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy. Dad was just an emotional wreck. He was drinking a lot of the time, he was smoking a lot of pot. And because he takes certain medications, the drinking was making him... you know, he wasn't even present, really. What I'm trying to do is get this message out about self-empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit and true Americanism - the way we were when we changed the world, when Edison was alone, failing his 2,000th time on the lightbulb. The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places. When we talk of freedom and opportunity for all nations, the mocking paradoxes in our own society become so clear they can no longer be ignored. Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius. Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry. Without forgiveness, there's no future. Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone else does the thinking. If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books. And obviously, with hindsight now, now knowing what went on in the company, it would have been absolutely appropriate back then for us to have the chief executive of the company, most senior person in the United Kingdom, come and answer for the policy they were pursuing. And we ducked that, and frankly that's a failure of Parliament. The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other. Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination. We got Martha Stewart legitimizing homemaking for her generation, and then there's this return to being interested in all things home, lifestyle, and food again. I think this generation is less about the frills and more about the flavor of things. Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots. People have always wanted to be recognized, and that's human nature. But people used to want to be recognized for their accomplishments, and now they simply want to be visible. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence. Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. I adore this adventure, I adore working with youth. For me it's a daily challenge, working to help these youths realize their dreams. I remember in the circus learning that the clown was the prince, the high prince. I always thought that the high prince was the lion or the magician, but the clown is the most important. One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken. I was very sad to hear of the death of Ronnie Barker, who was such a warm, friendly and encouraging presence to have when I started in television. He was also a great comic actor to learn from. Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. Seventy-five percent of MS sufferers are women. Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of. The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body. I do insist on making what I hope is sense so there's always a coherent narrative or argument that the reader can follow. In her whole life Mom never earned more than five or six dollars a week. Being without a husband, it was hard for her to find any place at all for us to live. The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children. Anyone who lives within his means suffers from a lack of imagination. Performing is a profound experience, at least for me. In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons. The heartbeat of a football team is the quarterback position and I think everyone who has any intelligence about the game understands you must have consistency at that position to be a championship team. In my book I specifically discussed the structural nature of injustice and offered Nine Touchstones of Goddess ethics as an alternative to the Ten Commandments of Biblical religion. I actually may do a musical next year... not one that I've written one that I may star in. Plus my concert and other people's work and all of a sudden you've got a very full life. The distinction has blurred between young adult and adult books. Some of the teen books have become more sophisticated. Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size. I would have been about seven years old when the formative years of my competitive football education began. I was playing in the local leagues around Manchester, playing against lads from tough areas who had been taught they had to fight for everything. I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em. Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one. Politics I conceive to be nothing more than the science of the ordered progress of society along the lines of greatest usefulness and convenience to itself. I'm a big potato chip girl. I don't like chocolate and cakes and all that, but I have to have my potato chips. I've got bags in the back of my car right now! But I never beat myself up about it, because, look: You can't give up every damn thing. You need something in your life that you like just because you like it! The government's view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesn't want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better. Like all young reporters - brilliant or hopelessly incompetent - I dreamed of the glamorous life of the foreign correspondent: prowling Vienna in a Burberry trench coat, speaking a dozen languages to dangerous women, narrowly escaping Sardinian bandits - the usual stuff that newspaper dreams are made of. I see people who talk about America, and then undermine it by not paying attention to its soul, to its poetry. I see polarization, reductionism and superficiality. The work on ants has profoundly affected the way I think about humans. Sometimes I miss out the morning's painting session and instead study my Japanese books in the open. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me. I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism. Limits, like fear, is often an illusion. Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both. The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%. I hope I left behind a legacy that people will enjoy. But whatever they want to say, I can't predict. Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight? So I did in fact spend two and a half years in the Middlesbrough car park practising skills. But if you spend four or five or six hours a day practising, you get better. I never had a speech from my father 'this is what you must do or shouldn't do' but I just learned to be led by example. My father wasn't perfect. Football is a sad game. What would there be in a story of happiness? Only what prepares it, only what destroys it can be told. In my lifetime, I've discovered a great many incredibly talented individuals. Some have achieved stardom. Simultaneously, I've seen many dreams shattered, egos destroyed and lives changed forever. The end destination may well be fame and fortune, but the road to stardom is littered with broken hearts. I could have been more famous if I did all the glitzy things, but celebrity always seemed so unnecessary. Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way. But probably my favorite music, believe it or not, is sad music. I saw Deep Purple live once and I paid money for it and I thought, 'Geez, this is ridiculous.' You just see through all that sort of stuff. I never liked those Deep Purples or those sort of things. I always hated it. I always thought it was a poor man's Led Zeppelin. So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology. There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing. I know my limitations, and I don't like politics. I was only involved because of my husband. That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did. The Supreme Court ruled that disabled golfer Casey Martin has a legal right to ride in a golf cart between shots at PGA Tour events. Man, the next thing you know, they're going to have some guy carry his clubs around for him. So much of it is the design of the shot or the motion of the character it's the work you do so that it has the same things that are in the movie. In just a few frames it's got to communicate something clearly and dramatically. I told my mom, 'I'm not buying another magazine until I can get past this thought of looking like the girl on the cover'. She said, "Miley, you are the girl on the cover,' and I was, like, 'I know, but I don't feel like that girl every day.' You can't always feel perfect. There is no such thing as the pursuit of happiness, but there is the discovery of joy. I've been involved with violent movies, and then I've also said at a certain point, 'I can't take it anymore. Please cut it.' You know, you've got to respect the filmmaker, and it's a really tough issue. With the success of the last three or so years, when a lot of people start treating you differently, there's a danger that you may start to think of yourself differently. You rely on your friends to say, 'Hey, wake up!' The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one. I just always expect the best because I'm a competitor and if I'm competing, then obviously I'm trying to be better in everything. Since the beginning of the 21st century, thanks to the concerted efforts of both sides, China-U.S. relationship has on the whole enjoyed steady growth. Since President Obama took office, we have maintained close contact through exchange of visits, meetings, telephone conversations and letters. It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job. He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god. Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints. It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass. Watching people just look out for themselves, I think, is extremely interesting. It goes right back to something like 'The Beggar's Opera' - the underbelly of society, how it operates, and how that reflects their so-called betters. I hope to one day co-sign a lease with another person but, well, it doesn't plague me that I have yet to do so. Put it this way: I've never had to violently tug at my own pillow at 2 A.M. to get myself to stop snoring. If you take any world problem, any issue on the planet, the solution to that problem certainly includes education. In education, the roadblock is the laptop. We should not run away from religious teachings. We should run to them. The Romantic poets were the prototype ramblers, and I've often found myself following in their footsteps - although perhaps not all of their footsteps since a typical walk for Samuel T. Coleridge might last two days and cover 145km. I'm one of those people you hate because of genetics. It is the truth. If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else. I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. I still don't understand the music industry that much. Everything I learned was from hanging out with rock musicians in studios. I certainly have respect for those who make music their livelihood. The best part is it's a dream come true. I've always wanted to be a working actor, and the good part of it... it's all good! I work long hours, but it's amazing. They pay me. That's amazing! I get to kiss Keri Russell, and that ain't too bad. Humans have certain properties and characteristics which are intrinsic to them, just as every other organism does. That's human nature. High expectations weren't nurtured in my neck of nowhere back then - children weren't fawned over from an early age as 'gifted' and groomed for a prizewinning future self-esteem was considered something you had to pick from the garden yourself. In the future, instead of striving to be right at a high cost, it will be more appropriate to be flexible and plural at a lower cost. If you cannot accurately predict the future then you must flexibly be prepared to deal with various possible futures. There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it? With engineering, I view this year's failure as next year's opportunity to try it again. Failures are not something to be avoided. You want to have them happen as quickly as you can so you can make progress rapidly. After all those days in the cotton fields, the dreams came true on a gold record on a piece of wood. It's in my den where I can look at it every day. I wear it out lookin' at it. The purpose of human life and the sense of happiness is to give the maximum what the man is able to give. It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures. Climate change was a point of division between Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney. The president declared climate change a global threat, acknowledged that the actions of humanity were deepening the crisis, and pledged to do something about it if elected. It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth. The assertion that 'all men are created equal' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use. Eighteen holes of match play will teach you more about your foe than 18 years of dealing with him across a desk. You say a new era in art is preparing you sensed it coming continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest. I had no doubts I could go to the pole. I may not be as strong, but I make up for physical strength in other areas, like steadiness and not panicking under stress. The little trouble in the world that is not due to love is due to friendship. The main environmental challenge of the 21st century is poverty. When you don't know where your next meal is coming from, it's hard to consider the environment 100 years down the line. I would rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent than in the extent of my powers and dominion. Love can do much, but duty more. As another has well said, to handicap a student by teaching him that his black face is a curse and that his struggle to change his condition is hopeless is the worst sort of lynching. I don't design cars. I'm not a designer. I know what I desire to be built, I know what the end result is, the horsepower, the competition we'll be working against - but I leave it to the people who work with me to put it all together. I don't do anything. To become truly immortal, a work of art must escape all human limits: logic and common sense will only interfere. But once these barriers are broken, it will enter the realms of childhood visions and dreams. Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't. I passionately believe that's it's not just what you say that counts, it's also how you say it - that the success of your argument critically depends on your manner of presenting it. I think when you're learning an instrument, you are restricted because much of it is the noise of individual theory and your ability to play the instrument. We emphasize that such a form of communication is not absent in man, however evanescent a naturally given object may be for him, split as it is in its submission to symbols. I hope the seeds I have sown will be taken up by those who will follow me because the journey I have begun cannot be undertaken in isolation. Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent. I am disabled, so I can't travel, and I have not been to any development meetings, but Gary and the others affiliated with the film keep me updated on everything. I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends. Success is dependent on effort. I'm a feminist, but I think that romance has been taken away a bit for my generation. I think what people connect with in novels is this idea of an overpowering, encompassing love - and it being more important and special than anything and everything else. A player dreams of being a superstar, but he doesn't want people flocking all over him asking for an autograph. I never played much golf as a kid. I caddied quite a bit but never got serious into golf until about age 15. Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. The art and culture that is New York, communications, finance, all these things help make up New York. The rest of the country should be happy that we are what we are. Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians. Hollywood is the place to be for actors - and there's just a big rush when an Australian comes over just because there's less of them. I guess that's just how it is. Like if you pick a pink jellybean out of a jar of green ones it'd be amazing, but if you pick a green one, no one will care. Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness. My old teacher's definition of poetry is an attempt to understand. My dad was a ham, too. He could sell those women anything. Of all his sons, I was the only one he could trust to sell as well as he could. I was proud of that. I learned the value of hard work by working hard. The human body is the best picture of the human soul. Poetry is really a way of sharing feelings and ideas. Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. From very early on in my childhood - four, five years old - I felt alien to the human race. I felt very comfortable with thinking I was from another planet, because I felt disconnected - I was very tall and skinny, and I didn't look like anybody else, I didn't even look like any member of my family. So we mustn't lower our guard in any sense because of what has happened in terms of the death of Osama Bin Laden and we are certainly not doing that. The terror threat level here in the U.K. remains at severe and we're very conscious of the need to continue that. And I like to convey my feelings, my emotions, my experience, the information I have to public use, public opinion. Pop is a little bit theatrical. That's the whole vibe. That's the point - is that it's great music, great melodies, great hooks. But, on top of it, it's a presentation. There's a showmanship about it. And that's why I wanted to be a pop star. I have zero interest in sports of any kind - professional, college or international. One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute. We give you the facts. I told you information is power - knowledge is power. We can't be in an ideological battle to redeem the soul of this country if we don't have the facts. Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind! I'm most at home on the stage. I was carried onstage for the first time when I was six months old. A private railroad car is not an acquired taste. One takes to it immediately. I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through. I love short trips to New York to me it is the finest three-day town on earth. Education and democracy have the same goal: the fullest possible development of human capabilities. Strength does not have to be belligerent and loud. You know, if you are kind of rich, the best thing is that you don't have to think about money. The best thing you can buy with money is freedom, time. I don't know how much I earn a year. I have no idea. I don't know how much I pay in taxes. It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular. My government will respect the will of the people. Sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that's a real treat. Disease generally begins that equality which death completes. The thing I care about is my weight - I'm as fanatical about it as a member of Girls Aloud. I weigh myself every morning. I know exactly what I want to be - 82kg - and I try to stick to it. You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am. On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been. This week, the world gathers in Beijing for the 2008 Olympic games. This is the extraordinary moment China has been dreaming of for 100 years. People have been longing for this moment, because it symbolises a turning point in China's relationship with the outside world. The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself. 90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world. We should all grow our own food and do our own waste processing, we really should. We have a new generation of very rich people who want to do more with their money than buy a lot of expensive toys. They want to live meaningful lives. Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. It's just all about business. Although my book is banned I am still allowed to go to China and travel. There is no longer the kind of control that Mao used to have-there have been deep fundamental changes in society. You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. Patience, the beggar's virtue, shall find no harbor here. The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war, but in a wary, if often underplayed, alliance. History is unmistakable on this point. Who can map out the various forces at play in one soul? Man is a great depth, O Lord. The hairs of his head are easier by far to count than his feeling, the movements of his heart. I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting. I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me. It's funny: I've been very successful and done a lot of films, and I don't really have an agent - I don't really pursue jobs, I let people come to me. When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible. Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali. When one has a great deal to put into it a day has a hundred pockets. No further evidence is needed to show that 'mental illness' is not the name of a biological condition whose nature awaits to be elucidated, but is the name of a concept whose purpose is to obscure the obvious. Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye... it also includes the inner pictures of the soul. I design my shots. I walk the rehearsal as the camera and say 'this is where I want to be... I want this look. History is a vision of God's creation on the move. Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience. Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair. I mean, sports are big, big, big business. The lonely become either thoughtful or empty. I've gone for each type: the rough guy the nerdy, sweet, lovable guy and the slick guy. I don't really have a type. Men in general are a good thing. A writer should get as much education as possible, but just going to school is not enough if it were, all owners of doctorates would be inspired writers. I was terrified of being a teacher. To stand in front of a classroom, the responsibility is boggling. Imagine! Standing in front of people! I love 70's music. That's not to say that women's priorities are better than men's. Rather, when women are empowered, when they can speak from the experience of their own lives, they often address different, previously neglected issues. And families and whole communities benefit. The farther a society progresses, the more clearly the individual becomes the antithesis of the group. Brainy folks were also present in Lyndon Johnson's administration, especially in the Pentagon, where Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's brilliant 'whiz kids' tried to micro-manage the Vietnam war, with disastrous results. Alexander at the head of the world never tasted the true pleasure that boys of his own age have enjoyed at the head of a school. To be as good as our fathers we must be better, imitation is not discipleship. You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. But all actors go through the process, it's hit and miss, you have achievement and failure. Although we hardly see each other off the set, Joy and I get along well when we do. As far as the marriage between Nathan and Haley, I think they are young and will see the reality of the situation eventually. The enemy is not Islam, the great world faith, but a perversion of Islam. From my experience, politicians are much more uncomfortable being made fun of than they are being preached at and screeched at - you know, and the soapbox routine. They're much more uneasy knowing they're a target of ridicule. A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night. Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering. I love good food. I'm an epicurean, that's for sure... But I am not really a good cook. I was sick and tired of being an English actor who did a lot of American movies because I was cheap and good. What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. I've never sat there and plotted out how I was going to become successful or famous. Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. Some guys travel with expensive Louis Vuitton luggage but it gets all scratched up under the plane. I'd rather not spend too much money on something that's just going to get messed up. Education liberates a woman. Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics. It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging. There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much. There are some hurts that we experience that can be forgiven but we won't forget them. Our party is a diverse one, as is my home state of Illinois. I work in an old tradition that goes back to the ancient Greeks. You hold a mirror to crime to see what's happening in society. I could never write a crime story just for the sake of it, because I always want to talk about certain things in society. Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness. The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets. Since I was an atheist for many years and came to believe in God through my studies in science, it frustrated me to see students and parents who viewed faith and science as enemies. The United Nations remains our most important global actor. These days we are continuously reminded of the enormous responsibility of the Security Council to uphold international peace and stability. There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed. You have to discover when you're inadequate to be funny and you don't know you're inadequate when you're a kid. The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about. Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts. During this period at the Department of Education, my working relationship with Judge Thomas was positive. When I was younger it was - you know, my dad dressed up in drag on 'Bosom Buddies.' And that was what I was having to deal with at the time. And then around the time that I was into college was when he became statue-worthy I guess you could say. Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else. I started in this racket in the early '70s, and when I was president of the Science Fiction Writers of America, of which I was like the sixth president, I was the first one nobody ever heard of. Hollywood has a history of raising expectations beyond Washington's reach, of appealing to the very American desire to mythologize political leaders, particularly the president. People expect me to be dark and gloomy, then write that I'm a jolly chap, and after all, that is what I am. I think it's a case of an absolute romantic naivety that there should be a parallel between the work and the artist. Aside from what it teaches you, there is simply the indescribable degree of peace that can be achieved on a sailing vessel at sea. I guess a combination of hard work and the seemingly infinite expanse of the sea - the profound solitude - that does it for me. Traveling is the ruin of all happiness! There's no looking at a building after seeing Italy. I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each other's pockets. I don't see why you have to share the same bathroom. Education has for its object the formation of character. I'm cute - and God I hate that. Because that's not cool. I'm like your niece, and nobody wants to date their niece. It's the chubby cheeks. The whole reason people voted for me on American Idol is because I'm an everyday, normal girl. Every three days on average, I am alone on stage, facing the public. I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters. The cardinal sin in sports, what could really wreck it, is not cheating to win, which has gone on forever, but cheating to lose. That threatens a fundamental aspect of sports' appeal, which is their spontaneity. If games are fixed, they're no different from movies they're scripted. To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. I was strongly encouraged by a science teacher who took an interest in me and presented me with a key to the laboratory to allow me to work whenever I wanted. The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer. Knowledge is two-fold, and consists not only in an affirmation of what is true, but in the negation of that which is false. I'm definitely the most tech-savvy in my family. My wife wouldn't have a clue, as far as getting the computer working. All of my kids, it's amazing. Like everybody's kids, they're more savvy than I am, probably. I believe in the transformational power of liberty. I believe that the free Iraq is in this nation's interests. I believe a free Afghanistan is in this nation's interest. So long as these kinds of inequalities persist, all of us who are given expensive educations have to live with the knowledge that our victories are contaminated because the game has been rigged to our advantage. I'm interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything. After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last. New needs need new techniques. And the modern artists have found new ways and new means of making their statements... the modern painter cannot express this age, the airplane, the atom bomb, the radio, in the old forms of the Renaissance or of any other past culture. For me, living in the closet corroded my ability to have an honest, open relationship with my God, my loved ones, my constituency and myself. For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. Love may be or it may not, but where it is, it ought to reveal itself in its immensity. Go miser go, for money sell your soul. Trade wares for wares and trudge from pole to pole, So others may say when you are dead and gone. See what a vast estate he left his son. It's a funny thing about me. I don't have any interest in food most of the time now, although when I was a kid I was always hungry. I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant. The plan we developed to deal with al Qaeda depended on developing sources of human and technical intelligence that could give us insights into his plans at the tactical level. This is easy to say but hard to accomplish. Some men never feel small, but these are the few men who are. I never threatened him and no Syrian intelligence officer has ever pointed a gun to his head. I was very pleased that the positive things about me and my game outshone the aggressive style of play I use. I would never tone that down, because I believe in that style of play, and I believe that you can play rough on the court and still be a good sport. For the execution of the voyage to the Indies, I did not make use of intelligence, mathematics or maps. Show me your garden and I shall tell you what you are. I'm learning with the older that I get that some feelings are just universal and that I'm not the only one who hates their hair or their life at times. Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - it's kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about. An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words. I met the president when he was president-elect at a meeting in Austin. He spoke of his faith. He spoke of his desire for a compassionate conservatism, for a faith-based initiative that would do something for poor people. Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace. Having two daughters changed my perspective on a lot of things, and I definitely have a newfound respect for women. And I think I finally became a good and real man when I had a daughter. What I hope in my ideal world is that with each project, I'll either get to work with a really great script that would force me to grow, or work with a really great actor who will make me better. It is not love that is blind, but jealousy. We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it. It's a sad and stupid thing to have to proclaim yourself a revolutionary just to be a decent man. I don't know what I would have done without believing in God. His support gives me power and energy to continue to be optimistic, to smile, not to be depressed. Sometimes, if things are not going so well, I don't cry. I say maybe it's meant to be. The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power. My mom is very Southern and she in real life says things like, 'If you've got it, flaunt it.' Whenever I travel anywhere, I'm constantly asked if I'm Swedish. It's the burden of most Norwegians. The Swedes have just got a better publicity agent, I think. The Coptic Church respects the law but it does not accept rulings that go against the Bible and our freedom of religion. Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on. You'll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart. In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely. Although my dad was a doctor, we weren't necessarily a super-artsy family. We were just a classic, traditional family who got to take a lot of piano lessons and became a bunch of musicians. It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business. Canada and the United States are also working at the World Trade Organization and in our own hemisphere with negotiations for a Trade Area of the Americas to try to help countries create a positive climate for investment and trade. Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe. Women lie about their age men lie about their income. I think early on I knew what I was going to do and it was based a lot on familiarity but it was also because I didn't have a lot of skills. There was nothing I wanted t be. I didn't want to be a doctor. I wanted to be in show business. I wake up at 5:30, 6 in the morning, but don't head into the office right away. I like to hang out with my wife, talk about things, get some coffee, you know. Obviously the facts are never just coming at you but are incorporated by an imagination that is formed by your previous experience. Memories of the past are not memories of facts but memories of your imaginings of the facts. The best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are. The people I respect most behave as if they were immortal and as if society was eternal. I'm into being a dad, that's where my focus is most of the time. I'm an actor that's my job, but it's not my life. I have a lot of other interests too. The truth is that I oppose the Iraq war, just as I opposed the Vietnam War, because these two conflicts have weakened the U.S. and diminished our standing in the world and our national security. I am rich beyond the dreams of avarice. A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. Life is half spent before we know what it is. During the Cold War, we gathered information by listening to the Soviets, taking pictures of the Soviets, and we allowed our human intelligence to decline. Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles. With Michigan's economic future on the line, we can't afford to have our 500 local school districts marching in different directions. Instead, we need a high standards, mandatory curriculum to get all our students on the road to higher education and a good paying job. Future orientation is combined with a notion and expectation of progress, and nothing is impossible. I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith, but in the frame of our common rules of secularism. Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work. Clinton's successor in the White House, George W. Bush, was committed to expanding government spending for faith-based initiatives. I know a lot of celebrities who are perfectly happy to put their name to something and then leave it at that because the money is good, but I need to have complete control over how something is going to look if my name is going to be attached to it. My work is the only ground I've ever had to stand on. To put it bluntly, I seem to have a whole superstructure with no foundation, but I'm working on the foundation. The cool part of being an entertainer is getting the opportunity to get your feet wet in all areas. Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world. Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it. So it was sort of an odd time because I had been hired, but my paperwork hadn't gone through. So I worked as an intern during the government shutdown, as an intern, but I already had a job. Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. I think that the majority of messages are validating messages to confirm the survival of conscious. And many times that validation message is negative or sad. Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits. Only the educated are free. I still like the relationship part of any story. You don't want your character to figure everything out and then at the end of the day, go home and eat soup from a can by herself. When I began writing that I was able and did travel and met some fascinating people and also uncovered some history, which has not been discovered before. Major success feels a bit like a coronation. Like I'd become a king. I was one of the most famous people in the world, loved and hated in equal measure. I couldn't see anything bad with it. It made me a happy person. Emergency health care for illegal aliens along the southwestern border is already costing area hospitals $200 million a year, with perhaps another $100 million in extended care costs. Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed. I just want to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully people will watch my movies. The Left is doing to America what it has done to almost everything it has deeply influenced - the arts, the university, religion, culture, minorities, Europe: ruining it. If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught. Quarrels often arise in marriages when the bridal gifts are excessive. Happiness is not a goal it is a by-product. I don't believe medical discoveries are doing much to advance human life. As fast as we create ways to extend it we are inventing ways to shorten it. The rule for effective governance is simple. It is one Ronald Reagan knew by heart. And one that he successfully employed with Social Security and the Cold War. When there is a problem, you fix it. That is the job you have been sent to do and you cannot wait for someone else to do it for you. The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too. Naming a baby is an act of poetry, for many people the only creative moment of their lives. My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world. A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album. We're going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine. I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside. I think one of the most pervasive evils in this world is greed and acquiring money for money's sake. Once you have six houses and a plane, it's just about a number. It's never been anything I understood. Computer technology is so built into our lives that it's part of the surround of every artist. We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion. Remember my first tenet in getting dressed is how you feel in the morning. So if you're not being true blue to that, it usually shows. Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free. If human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween. Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created. A person must have a certain amount of intelligent ignorance to get anywhere. My dad says I could sing before I could talk, if that's possible. I was always humming and things like that. Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you. I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights. The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is. I think it's a mistake to ever look for hope outside of one's self. I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father. Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place. The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die. I plays Joe's best friend. I am the only one he has ever been able to trust in his life, so I help him understand what happened to him when he was younger. I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive. I've been lucky to travel through quite a bit of Europe and Australia, but I would love to do Asia and South America and South Africa. I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it. I'm sorry that we have to have a Washington presence. We thrived during our first 16 years without any of this. I never made a political visit to Washington and we had no people here. It wasn't on our radar screen. We were just making great software. Since the printing press came into being, poetry has ceased to be the delight of the whole community of man it has become the amusement and delight of the few. Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object. I'm not a big fan of Women's Liberation, but maybe it will help women stand up for the respect they're due. If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him. I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully. Tolerating evil leads only to more evil. And when good people stand by and do nothing while wickedness reigns, their communities will be consumed. Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time. I don't know if I'm a national education figure. Jews read the books of Moses not just as history but as divine command. The question to which they are an answer is not, 'What happened?' but rather, 'How then shall I live?' And it's only with the exodus that the life of the commands really begins. Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God. You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility. It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing. Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what. I heard so many stories from Gaomi's peasants that I had an irrepressible urge to write them down. Today, Gaomi's peasants know that they have become famous around the world through my writings, but I think they are a little puzzled by this. The United States has done more for the war crimes tribunal than any other country in the world. We're turning over all the information we have, including intelligence information. All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone. Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. Love what you do or don't do it. I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood. Sad Patience, too near neighbour to despair. I have never been hurt by what I have not said. With all due respect to lawyers, it's wonderful that you have this intricate knowledge. You break down words to the nth degree. And sometimes I find it rather disgusting. And it goes on and on. A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men. Quite often - a lot of the work I had done had been extensively with women. Most especially in the theater, but also quite often in the movies. That has its own delights, and maybe pitfalls too. Our ideal is to make her ever stronger and better and finer, because in that way alone, as we believe, can she be of the greatest service to the world's peace and to the welfare of mankind. Faith is the black person's federal reserve system. An institution or reform movement that is not selfish, must originate in the recognition of some evil that is adding to the sum of human suffering, or diminishing the sum of happiness. Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind. To be misunderstood can be the writer's punishment for having disturbed the reader's peace. The greater the disturbance, the greater the possibility of misunderstanding. The medium is the message. This is merely to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium - that is, of any extension of ourselves - result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology. Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. My work has also motivated me to put a lot of time into seeking out good food and to spend more money on it. It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? One day they're gonna shut the game down. I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave. To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that. Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses. What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money. Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself. If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear. There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world. The hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain to show them we love them not when we feel like it, but when they do. Grief is the price we pay for love. When it becomes hard for me not to eat bad food, I try to think about what I have to do and what is ahead of me and what I want to achieve. I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything. My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits, which I saw a as kind of frivolous. It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything. When I come home and I'm tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed. The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability. All in the Family was intellectual it was art. Will some reporter, or some Republican on the Sunday shows, please ask why tax cuts raid the non-existent Social Security Trust Fund but all the Democrats' new spending doesn't? Will someone please ask that? To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less. Wealthy men can't live in an island that is encircled by poverty. We all breathe the same air. We must give a chance to everyone, at least a basic chance. There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living for, and what is worth dying for? The answer to each is the same. Only love. When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over. What I am is how I came out. No one's perfect and you just have to accept your flaws and learn to love yourself. We were poor. But my mom never accepted that. She worked hard to become a residential contractor - got her master's with honors at the University of New Orleans. I used to go to every class with her. Her father was my paternal figure. I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered. When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house. Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness. I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt. Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline. You never know what motivates you. Intense love does not measure, it just gives. Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else. I think computer science, by and large, is still stuck in the Modern age. It seems to me the Washington Monument is a symbol of America's power. It has been the symbol of our great nation. We look at the symbol and we say 'this is one nation under God.' It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. I think poetry has lost an awful lot of its muscle because nobody knows any. Nobody has to memorize poetry. And we've got to ask ourselves some very serious questions as to whether or not certain religious leaders, in terms of raising money - I hate to bring this up - are pushing hot buttons. In the 1970s and 1980s there was so little decent fiction for young people, but we're now in a golden age that shows no sign of fading. Philip Pullman, J. K. Rowling, Lemony Snicket are only three of the best known among a good number of equals. You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world. There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life. You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing. The quarrels of lovers are the renewal of love. I guess I feel that I was following my instincts, and at the same time being guided by the best. I became totally intrigued with Louisiana - the people, the food. It is a part of my life. Everything that has happened for me since moving here has just been icing on the cake. It's part of the calling to at least do a few songs in the show that give people some hope. There's so much hurt in this world and... music is such a great healing balm and a great way to forget your troubles. A chair is a very difficult object. A skyscraper is almost easier. That is why Chippendale is famous. My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever. There's a confidence that comes from youth and not knowing better. But there comes a point, as an actor, when you do know better, and that is when the fear starts. Democracy is when the people keep a government in check. I was delighted to not go to university. I couldn't wait to be out of education. You mustn't take what I say as gospel because no one can second-guess the future. Something happens to us all when we experience something as a unit that doesn't occur when we're on our couches or holding our little portable DVD players. I'm not after fame and success and fortune and power. It's mostly that I want to have a good job and have good friends that's the good stuff in life. Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety. The federal government now spends one of every four dollars in the entire economy. It borrows one of every three dollars it spends. No nation, no entity, large or small, public or private, can thrive, or survive intact, with debts as huge as ours. Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what. Our creator is the same and never changes despite the names given Him by people here and in all parts of the world. Even if we gave Him no name at all, He would still be there, within us, waiting to give us good on this earth. The promise of America has always been that if you worked hard, had the right values, took some risks, that there was an opportunity to build a better life for your family and for your next generation. I'm really fun. I'm ridiculously fun. I hope I'm infectiously fun. Good education means learning to read, write and most importantly learn how to learn so that you can be whatever you want to be when you grow up. We all of us deserve happiness or none of us does. I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed. In the summer we graduated we flipped out completely, drinking beer, cruising in our cars and beating up each other. It was a crazy summer. That's when I started to be interested in girls. We can no more do without spirituality than we can do without food, shelter, or clothing. A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing. I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. Poetry is composing for the breath. We have a strange and wonderful relationship - he's strange and I'm wonderful. I have an almost complete disregard of precedent, and a faith in the possibility of something better. It irritates me to be told how things have always been done. I defy the tyranny of precedent. I go for anything new that might improve the past. I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person. And, one thing I definitely enjoyed personally, from a selfish point of view, was exploration and going to places that I had never been to before and learning, you know, meeting the people and getting to know, new sights and sounds, etc. People do not win people fights. Lawyers do. The agony of my feelings allowed me no respite no incident occurred from which my rage and misery could not extract its food. If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems. There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth not going all the way, and not starting. Nature uses only the longest threads to weave her patterns, so that each small piece of her fabric reveals the organization of the entire tapestry. If you start using a medication in a person with autism, you should see an obvious improvement in behavior in a short period of time. If you do not see an obvious improvement, they probably should not be taking the stuff. It is that simple. In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine. The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. If you look at military and intelligence positions from the 1950s, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has always been against American national interests. War is hell. I wished to go completely outside and to make a symbolic start for my enterprise of regenerating the life of humankind within the body of society and to prepare a positive future in this context. He has such a patronizing tone and manner, and such a sarcastic sense of humor. I found him rather brutal, a kind of elegant brutality which appealed. No, I think he came pretty much off the page. Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's? Someone taught me how to eat properly. Learning from others is important when it's not working for yourself. Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results. The American dream is about freedom. There is something uniquely depressing about the fact that the National Portrait Gallery's version of the Barack Obama 'Hope' poster previously belonged to a pair of lobbyists. Depressing because Mr. Obama's Washington was not supposed to be the lobbyists' Washington, the place we learned to despise during the last administration. I think that as soon as you think of yourself as a famous person or anything like that, you're objectifying yourself in some weird way. But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things. When a person goes into a relationship emotionally needy, they are not going to have discernment in choosing people. Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself. I saw why people died and how they died. I saw gunshot wounds and liver failure. It was a good learning experience, so I came regularly on weekends and holidays. So one begins to wonder what is going to happen to the human race. Technology keeps on advancing with greater and greater power, either for good or for destruction. I can create countries just as I can create the actions of my characters. That is why a lot of travel seems to me a waste of time. As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger. The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy. I'm a laugh tart. I make no secret of that fact. The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water. If other people want to talk about my future I can't control that. The public has an appetite for anything about imagination - anything that is as far away from reality as is creatively possible. I see a lot of movies. I love films as a spectator, and that's never obscured by the part of me that does the work myself. I just love going to the movies. A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is a reality. The bold adventurer succeeds the best. I'm a bit of a romantic. I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid. So that, to me, is important that audiences are treated with an amount of respect toward their intelligence. Most Hollywood films don't respect their intelligence. They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar. I'm already the most fortunate girl in the world, so I have zero expectations for what the future will bring. The future is no more uncertain than the present. What I really like is an intelligent review. It doesn't have to be positive. A review that has some kind of insight, and sometimes people say something that's startling or is so poignant. You must learn day by day, year by year to broaden your horizon. The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy, the more you are indignant about, the more you have left when anything happens. Poetry is one of the few nasty childhood habits I've managed to grow out of. I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene. Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking. I suppose that is my central obsession. What we owe to society, what we owe to ourselves. Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself. The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom. Well, I knew I wanted to be an actor, and I didn't necessarily need or want to be famous or a celebrity actor. Since I had the baby I can't tolerate anything violent or sad, I saw the Matrix and I had my eyes closed through a lot of it, though I didn't need to. I would peek, and then think, oh OK, I can see that. I don't feel famous. No. I probably do better not being in politics. They have too much control over you when you are in politics. Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely. Those who wish to pet and baby wild animals 'love' them. But those who respect their natures and wish to let them live normal lives, love them more. I focus on the writing and let the rest of the process take care of itself. I've learned to trust my own instincts and I've also learned to take risks. Traveling is seeing it is the implicit that we travel by. It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants. I wanted to be a 150% entrepreneur and a 150% mom, and I found that I was having a very hard time doing both. I was about 75% and 75% - still better than 100%, but not what I was accustomed to at work. I'm hosting weekend retreats all over America. It is like a 24-hour slumber party for moms. We laugh, eat, play games, get massages, win prizes, talk about parenting and even cry a bit. I was always shocked when I went to the doctor's office and they did my X-ray and didn't find that I had eight more ribs than I should have or that my blood was the color green. Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives. Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good. When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship. She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over. I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance. Please don't ask me any questions about the politics of 30 years ago. If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative. I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave. I've been writing a lot of poetry recently. It helps me think and work things out. It's populated by people who, by and large, have terrific communication skills. Every day is an extraordinary day. For me, it was just a great area for storytelling. Example is the best precept. I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity. On the publicity tour of 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding,' I was asked over and over again, if, as the writer, I felt it was a fair depiction of real life to have someone of my er, below average looks, hook up with hottie John Corbett. Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering. Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection. I've committed myself to serve my constituents in South Shields and I have committed myself to British politics. The birth of democracy in Iraq is one of the great positive changes of our era. An evil life is a kind of death. One person's religion is another person's cult. It also allows you to look as though you're not particularly from the present, future or past, either. The Coptic Church respects the law but it does not accept rulings that go against the Bible and our freedom of religion. As a young man you don't notice at all that you were, after all, badly affected. For years afterwards, at least ten years, I kept getting these dreams, in which I had to crawl through ruined houses, along passages I could hardly get through. My relationship to gravity is permanently altered. Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment. People living deeply have no fear of death. It is the glory and good of Art, That Art remains the one way possible Of speaking truth, to mouths like mine at least. What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning? These days there's so much technology and ways you can learn. There are videos and CD roms. It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. Try to make at least one person happy every day. If you cannot do a kind deed, speak a kind word. If you cannot speak a kind word, think a kind thought. Count up, if you can, the treasure of happiness that you would dispense in a week, in a year, in a lifetime! The beauty of the past belongs to the past. Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly? I used my aviation contacts to open a travel agency. I used to book Caribbean flights. No government ought to be without censors and where the press is free no one ever will. The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away. That's why I never became a director. I never had patience with people. The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power. Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. Nature has not got two voices, you know, one of them condemning all day what the other commands. Trust the tale, not the teller. We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars. There can be no passion, and by consequence no love, where there is not imagination. My movies are unadorned, they're not particularly fancy, I think they're kind of workmanlike in some ways, focusing on the writing and the acting. I kind of call myself an atheist, I suppose - although quite a spiritual atheist, I hope. We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around. There's only one thing harder than living in a home with an adolescent - and that's being an adolescent. The moodiness, the volatility, the wholesale lack of impulse control, all would be close to clinical conditions if they occurred at another point in life. In adolescence, they're just part of the behavioral portfolio. When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it. Don't find fault, find a remedy. What I loved about the acting class was that you got to think all day long about a person that wasn't you, and figure out why they were sad and what they wanted, what they dreamed. Marriage is the grave or tomb of wit. Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad. The right way to reign in healthcare costs is not by applying more government and more controls and making it more like the post office, it's by making it more like a consumer-driven market. We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again. Since the reduction of risk factors is the scientific basis for primary prevention, the World Health Organization promotes the development of an integrated strategy for prevention of several diseases, rather than focusing on individual ones. Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam. It wasn't always easy getting up at 5 o'clock in the morning to go to the rink. Sometimes I wanted to just go back to sleep. Moral power is probably best when it is not used. The less you use it the more you have. I tried the Atkins diet in the Seventies when pregnant with my son, as I didn't want to pile on the pounds. Now, so long as I'm healthy, I don't care what my scales say. Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it. I have a treadmill, and I work out with my trainer, Julie Diamond, as often as possible. She's so positive. Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope. It is relatively easy to design for the perfect cases, when everything goes right, or when all the information required is available in proper format. Those are the men who will dance at your wedding. When I came out of my mom's womb, I had 'sitcom' stamped on my forehead. The loss of liberty which must attend being a wife was of all things the most horrible to my imagination. School gives you the freedom to explore different philosophies, religions, aspects of yourself, and subjects. Whatever it is that the government does, sensible Americans would prefer that the government does it to somebody else. This is the idea behind foreign policy. You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone. There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second. We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more. Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the separateness and integrity of one's own self. Experience has taught me never to trust a policeman. Just when you think one's all right, he turns legit. It's part of the calling to at least do a few songs in the show that give people some hope. There's so much hurt in this world and... music is such a great healing balm and a great way to forget your troubles. If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world. 'Get a Job' is about all the rich kids we knew when we were younger, kids who never had jobs but always had money for partying or getting their hair done. The Constitution remains brilliant in its overall design and sound with respect to the Bill of Rights and the separation of powers. But there are numerous archaic provisions that inhibit constructive change and adaptation. These constitutional bits affect the daily life of the republic and every citizen in it. Once you make a movie like 'Superbad,' when it's popular and you're the lead, you get offered all kinds of things and there's a temptation to make bad movies either for the money or to maintain your relevance in pop culture. American government was founded on a belief and a faith in God and in doing what is right and just. There are no adequate substitutes for father, mother, and children bound together in a loving commitment to nurture and protect. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, can take the place of the family in the scheme of things. The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency - the belief that the here and now is all there is. I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do. God is a concept by which we measure our pain. Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart. My longing for truth was a single prayer. Silence is true wisdom's best reply. Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends. Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end. Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy. I can't remember a time when my mom didn't work. She has forever been on the move: a go-getter. When my brother Adel and I had a paper route as kids, my mom would get up before us at the crack of dawn to drop off the Washington Post at different corners. I think money is essential to happiness and right now I wouldn't want to be anyone other than Wilbur Smith - I've had a fantastic life, rewarded far more heavily than I deserve. Maybe I'd like to be J. K. Rowling, but I'll settle for second best. Poorer students take out larger loans and will have to contribute more to the cost of higher education. Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good. The intelligence community, for the most part, has no accountability at all to the Congress, to us the American people, and so they feel that they above the law. Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft. What I'd really like to write is a romantic comedy. This is my favorite kind of movie. I feel almost embarrassed revealing this, because the genre has been so degraded in the past twenty years that saying you like romantic comedies is essentially an admission of mild stupidity. Can anyone understand how it is to have lived in the White House and then, suddenly, to be living alone as the President's widow? What is faith but a kind of betting or speculation after all? It should be, I bet that my Redeemer liveth. Faithful servants never retire. You can retire from your career, but you will never retire from serving God. I hope I never get so old I get religious. The distinction has blurred between young adult and adult books. Some of the teen books have become more sophisticated. A picture is a poem without words. My mum always told me I was precious, while my dad always told me I was worthless. I think that's a good grounding for a balanced life. It's been a hard time to celebrate, to come out with a smile. But I'm an American. Naomi asked me to come out to support other Americans, and here I am. I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst. This morning someone sent me a very funny photo of me holding their puppy. We have matching colour jackets. I don't always see my movies right away. And there are some I haven't seen at all. Sometimes that bothers the directors, so I'm obliged to see them. I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do. We Americans are the best informed people on earth as to the events of the last twenty-four hours we are the not the best informed as the events of the last sixty centuries. How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them. Your dear baby has died innocent and blameless, and has been called away by an all wise and merciful Creator, most probably from a life to misery and misfortune, and most certainly to one of happiness and bliss. I'm just not a natural teacher. Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit. Looking back on those games, I probably hustled out of position as much as I hustled into position since I really never had any real training. I was working on instincts alone. In modern society, where most people live in cities, and where both needs and wishes are absolved through the same remote agency - money - the distinction between wishes and needs has altogether vanished. My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.' Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. I'd had people say, 'You'll enjoy being famous for a week, and you'll never enjoy it again'. But I don't think I had that week. I may have been working and missed that moment. World-wide practice of Conservation and the fair and continued access by all nations to the resources they need are the two indispensable foundations of continuous plenty and of permanent peace. I've never understood why people consider youth a time of freedom and joy. It's probably because they have forgotten their own. I had a happy marriage and a nice wife. I accomplished everything you can. What more can you want? When I woke up Sunday morning at the Open and stepped outside and felt the wind and rain in my face, I knew I had an excellent chance to win if I just took my time and trusted myself. I'd say to any woman, get out of that bad relationship that's turning you into a shell of your former self. Learn from it and get out. Then wait enjoy yourself and your friends because, when what you want comes along, you'll spot it. What happens when you have great grief in your life is the arteries of that heart begins to spasms down, just literally squeezes down like this because you're feeling the tension of your life and then the heart muscle itself will also begin - to get stressed out. The science is clear that there is an increase in the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere. What is not clear from the science is how much of that increase is caused by human activity and what also is not clear is what impact those increases have on the climatic cycle. As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing. Performance capture is a technology, not a genre it's just another way of recording an actor's performance. I don't want to be a politician. I don't like politics. It's petty it fights dirty. The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work. The film depends on the audience's belief in this relationship. Imparting knowledge is only lighting other men's candles at our lamp without depriving ourselves of any flame. You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things. Someone once said that history has more imagination than all the scenario writers in the Pentagon, and we have a lot of scenario writers here. No one ever wrote a scenario for commercial airliners crashing into the World Trade Center. The attention of a traveller, should be particularly turned, in the first place, to the various works of Nature, to mark the distinctions of the climates he may explore, and to offer such useful observations on the different productions as may occur. It is more interesting to be compared to someone famous, because it lets you gauge what perceptions people have about your appearance. You realize that for all the shenanigans that go on in the big circus of politics, everybody wakes up and goes to work. I've done movies with a sword before. But I haven't really been given the full responsibility of something like a Ridley Scott film. I love voice over! I just think it is amazing! Your face is your calling card, but you're not so famous that you can't go out. My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific. On my wedding day. I didn't want a natural, blushing-bride look - I had a full-on hairdo and red lips. I thought it would be disingenuous to do the whole virginal look, so even though I had the white dress, I had pink net underneath. I still marvel at how God turns dreams into reality. Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all. A pet store is a celebration of dogs' existence and an explosion of options. About cats, a pet store seems to say, 'Here, we couldn't think of anything else.' Cats are the Hanukkah of the animal world in this way. They are feted quietly and happily by a minority, but there's only so much hoopla applicable to them. Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen. Eating and food are a wonderful part of our life's experience, and half of us are walking around dreading having to figure out what to put in our mouths. You know when Hollywood does a great big blockbuster that really wraps you up in a world, and lets you believe in extraordinary things that move you in some way, in an almost operatic sensibility? That to me is the most fun I have at the movies. I know how easy it is for one to stay well within moral, ethical, and legal bounds through the skillful use of words - and to thereby spin, sidestep, circumvent, or bend a truth completely out of shape. To that extent, we are all liars on numerous occasions. I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough. I'm not as far along as Jack Nicklaus was at this age, but I'm trying. It is incomprehensible that God should exist, and it is incomprehensible that he should not exist. Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards. The belief that there are other life forms in the universe is a matter of faith. There is not a single shred of evidence for any other life forms, and in forty years of searching, none has been discovered. There is absolutely no evidentiary reason to maintain this belief. I like to deal with EVERY aspect of our condition, and that means terror and humor in equal mix. Some books have more room for humor than others. You've got certain guys that just want to be famous and then you've got the real musicians that just love playing music. Longhorns are unique - each and every one of them is a different color with a different design. Hollywood films have become a cesspool of formula and it's up to us to try to change it... I feel like a preacher! But it's really true. I feel personally responsible for the future of American cinema. Me personally. Only solitary men know the full joys of friendship. Others have their family but to a solitary and an exile his friends are everything. I never get tired of smiling. I'm just the kind of guy who likes to smile. It does not matter much whom we live with in this world, but it matters a great deal whom we dream of. Peace of mind for five minutes, that's what I crave. Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth. When obedience to the Divine precepts keeps pace with knowledge, in the mind of any man, that man is a Christian and when the fruits of Christianity are produced, that man is a disciple of our blessed Lord, let his profession of religion be what it may. Writers rush in where publishers fear to tread and where translators fear to tread. By the time Obama came into office, Washington had already agreed over a period of a few weeks to a $700 billion government infusion into the world banking system. Nothing of the sort had ever been done before, and it was done spit spot with very little national debate. Contaminated food is a major cause of diarrhea, substantially contributing to malnutrition and killing about 2.2 million people each year, most of them children. I like all the adventure sports but I like to do them in a safe way. Besides the two Christmas things, we've got a about a dozen new tracks we're working on. Amnesty is as good for those who give it as for those who receive it. It has the admirable quality of bestowing mercy on both sides. Voters don't have to love him, Romney advisers say, but they will respect him. My father invented a cure for which there was no disease and unfortunately my mother caught it and died of it. The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization. The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.' There's kind of a cool feel that happens every now and then. I guess that feel is the thing that makes the score its own score. But, I don't know exactly what that is. So, it's hard for me to answer that question. But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me. College is a place to keep warm between high school and an early marriage. Ninjas are so cool! People who identify themselves as conservatives donate money to charity more often than people who identify themselves as liberals. They donate more money and a higher percentage of their incomes. And then I got into sports and gave my guitar to my brother Jeff who was just a little kid at that time. Few things tend more to alienate friendship than a want of punctuality in our engagements. I have known the breach of a promise to dine or sup to break up more than one intimacy. As an editor, I read Charlotte Rogan's amazing debut novel, 'The Lifeboat,' when it was still in manuscript. I read it in one night, and I really wanted my company to publish it, but we lost it to another house. It's such a wonderful combination of beautiful writing and suspenseful storytelling. In terms of work I've always had a Bad Attitude in that I won't work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I don't know if that's an Asperger's thing or not, I think it's just being reasonable. I think a moratorium probably is legal, and we should probably for a short period of time impose a moratorium so that we don't permit any additional landfill permits for the time being, so we don't exacerbate the problem. The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man. My grandmother was an actress too. In the thirties and forties she was under contract with Universal Studios. Crazy credits, lots of them. My dad was also under contract with Universal Studios. And my first film was shot on the same stage they both worked on at Universal. I have a Ph.D. in cell biology. And that's really manual labor. I mean, experimental science, you do it with your hands. So it's very different. You're out there in a lab, cleaning test tubes, and it just wasn't that fascinating. One act of obedience is better than one hundred sermons. An act of goodness is of itself an act of happiness. No reward coming after the event can compare with the sweet reward that went with it. My dad is a lawyer and my mom is an artist. So growing up was exactly what it sounds like - strict household but a lot of creativity. They are so psyched that I get to make music for a living. My parents rule. Science consistently produces a new crop of miraculous truths and dazzling devices every year. The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs. True, permanent peace can never be restored, until slavery, the occasion of the war, has ceased. My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining. I wouldn't change anything. I think that it's important to let things happen, and stay 'happened'. I think that's all part of the learning curve, part of fate. I'm just glad that it happened. Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again. I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management. So, after awhile, you can only get so much happiness from a guy who's drunk come up and tell you you're great. An illness is like a journey into a far country it sifts all one's experience and removes it to a point so remote that it appears like a vision. We hope that the long darkness through which the Burmese people have lived may now be coming to an end. The duty of responsibility placed on any MP is one of the greatest honours that can be bestowed and I for one don't believe the Conservative Party would abuse that trust by selecting someone who did not have the goods to do the job, just for the sake of media coverage. I don't work out and be healthy and want a strong body because I want to look good in a bikini. I do all of those things for me and for my health. I'm not going on the cover of 'Maxim' and 'FHM' because that's not me. Though I still have no semblance of a life outside of Nine Inch Nails at the moment, I realize my goals have gone from getting a record deal or selling another record to being a better person, more well-rounded, having friends, having a relationship with somebody. The extraordinary thing about India is that it's such a family place. It's full of families everywhere. I want to be in 'Funny Girl.' And I want Ryan Murphy to direct it. He that lives upon hope will die fasting. I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific. You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know. I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes. Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down. Poetry is the exquisite expression of exquisite expressions. Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them. Everybody knows about Pearl Harbor. The thing that really fascinated me is that through this tragedy there was this amazing American heroism. It is the nature of the artist to mind excessively what is said about him. Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others. As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also. We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays. A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results. The satirist is prevented by repulsion from gaining a better knowledge of the world he is attracted to, yet he is forced by attraction to concern himself with the world that repels him. Townes van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world and I'll stand on Bob Dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that. We weep over the graves of infants and the little ones taken from us by death but an early grave may be the shortest way to heaven. I have a dress-up chest at home. I love to create this fantasy kind of thing. I've always had a special relationship with the U.K. fans, because even when I wasn't working they were very supportive. There is no city in America that has reduced crime as much as we have in the last three years. This is not the product of accident. This is the product of design. Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings. Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. My biggest pet peeve are just girls who go to sports bars who have no intention on caring what teams are playing, like they're looking for just a night out. That drives me more crazy than anything else. Like, don't pretend to be a sports fan. Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it. In life there are no problems, that is, objective and external choices there is only the life which we do not resolve as a problem but which we live as an experience, whatever the final result may be. One of the things that I've always thought I would like to do is to develop an environmental index. Then people can measure their own environmental performance on an index as they do in other ways. After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration. I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business. You have to wake up a virgin each morning. The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity. Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads. The day after the prison was transferred to the military intelligence command, they had an entire battalion - 1,200, 1,500 soldiers - arrive at Abu Ghraib just for force protection alone. Technology has a shadow side. It accounts for real progress in medicine, but has also hurt it in many ways, making it more impersonal, expensive and dangerous. The false belief that a safety net of sophisticated drugs and machines stretches below us, permitting risky or lazy lifestyle choices, has undermined our spirit of self-reliance. This Bush administration has a growing credibility gap, maybe even a credibility chasm, on environmental policy. The President has lost the trust of the American people when it comes to the environment. My mom listened to the Beatles and Elvis, a lot of different types of music. Mothers send strips to daughters to make a point. Daughters smack strips down on the breakfast table to make a point. My own mom sometimes cuts a strip out and sends it to me to make sure I understand her. To make the moral achievement implicit in science a source of strength to civilization, the scientist will have to have the cooperation also of the philosopher and the religious teacher. Of two pleasures, if there be one which all or almost all who have experience of both give a decided preference, irrespective of any feeling of moral obligation to prefer it, that is the more desirable pleasure. I want to go to bed richer than when I woke up. The pursuit of wealth is a wonderful thing, but the thing is you have to be honest about it, you have to tell the truth. Every man judges his own happiness and satisfaction with life in terms of his possession or lack of possession of those things that he considers worthwhile and valuable. I love to travel. I'm a curious person. I was in two episodes playing Christopher Reeve's character's emissary. They wanted to have my character announce Dr Swan's death, which I thought was exploitative. The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication. From my music training, I knew that, some Spanish rhythms apart, 5/4 is a time signature used only in the modern era. Holst's Mars from the Planets is 5/4. But if you speak lines of poetry in that pattern you just end up hitting the off-beats. It's only when you add a rest - a sixth beat - that it sounds as it surely should sound. We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing. 'Tis always morning somewhere in the world. Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me. Love is a better teacher than duty. It's difficult to believe that people are still starving in this country because food isn't available. Losses have propelled me to even bigger places, so I understand the importance of losing. You can never get complacent because a loss is always around the corner. It's in any game that you're in - a business game or whatever - you can't get complacent. Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations. I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came. I'm not sure it's the stimulus money that will necessarily allow the economy to recover. It will help to fortify our budgets, frankly, to ensure that there isn't as much backsliding in the areas of education and healthcare, for example. I learn something not because I have to, but because I really want to. That's the same view I have for performing. I'm performing because I really want to, not because I have to bring bread back home. I am interested in getting people to use the healthcare system at the right time, getting them to see the doctor early enough, before a small health problem turns serious. I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold. I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from. People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly. I loved the feeling of freedom in running, the fresh air, the feeling that the only person I'm competing with is me. I grew up in a food-obsessed Italian family, so food was always front and center in my life. I was a food obsessed person who morphed into a comedian and tried to figure out a way to make fun of my cake and eat it too. A man who cannot be enticed by money or intimidated by the threat of jail or death has two of the strongest weapons that anyone has to offer. When I die, don't let my death stop the resistance. He has the obligation to society that any human being has. I don't think a satirist has any greater obligation to society than a bricklayer or anybody else. Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation. I try to become more humble and more myself with every year. There was a while when I got famous where I was so confused and my head was spinning. I think the deafness affects me more than I realise I think it makes me more tired. I loathe parties. I attend, smile and leave. I thought I was learning about show business. The more painful it was, the more important I thought the experience must be. Hating it, I convinced myself it must be invaluable. Alcohol doesn't console, it doesn't fill up anyone's psychological gaps, all it replaces is the lack of God. It doesn't comfort man. On the contrary, it encourages him in his folly, it transports him to the supreme regions where he is master of his own destiny. Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop. All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks. The past is a great place and I don't want to erase it or to regret it, but I don't want to be its prisoner either. I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally. Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it. I want to go to college and go back to Georgetown. It's a really cool place. Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind. Growing up, I didn't have a lot of toys, and personal entertainment depended on individual ingenuity and imagination - think up a story and go live it for an afternoon. Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you. I think I wanted to write a book about the relationship between the victim and perpetrator in which the victim agrees to remain silent. True humility is intelligent self respect which keeps us from thinking too highly or too meanly of ourselves. It makes us modest by reminding us how far we have come short of what we can be. I started dating older men, and I would fall in love with them. I thought they could teach me about life. Vulgar and obscene, the papers run rumors daily about people in show business, tales of wicked ways and witless affairs. Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books. Now it is human nature to want to eat to ones fill when hungry, to want to warm up when cold, to want to rest when tired. These all are a part of people's emotional nature. I am still learning every day not to watch other people's careers and compare. If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance. And I believe that if we can care about whether or not our neighbor has a good job or access to affordable health care for their children, and we move to implement the policies that can improve these situations, we will unleash vast amounts of human potential and recapture the American spirit. I really believe that what happens one day affects the next, and I think that came from that experience of learning that if I told the score inning by inning, play by play, it built up to its natural climax. When I started, you didn't make a lot of money by being a comedian. You didn't get a lot of respect. The discussion in Washington has changed dramatically. I mean, it's no longer a question of should we address entitlements - it's no longer a question of do we need to reduce spending in the future. The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters. The technology at the leading edge changes so rapidly that you have to keep current after you get out of school. I think probably the most important thing is having good fundamentals. I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there. If you're working for a good company and you're happy there, and you're being compensated accordingly, and your work satisfies you, you should stay there. My brother's a teacher in Costa Rica and actually does a more important and significant job than I will ever do. Ask those who love Him with a sincere love, and they will tell you that they find no greater or prompter relief amid the troubles of their life than in loving conversation with their Divine Friend. Bad humor is an evasion of reality good humor is an acceptance of it. Fame is a lot of pressure, especially when you're responsible for your entire family. Financially, emotionally - everything. Well, I've been reading a lot about the fifty years since the Second World War, about Western foreign policy and all that. I try not to let it get to me, but sometimes I just think that there's no hope. The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go. 'Strictly Business' is about a young black man who is learning about himself, and that applies to a lot of young black men, those who are trying to find jobs. This film gives them a good look at that situation. You know, the sad thing of post-9/11, which was of course horrific, was that the city in which I felt completely at home for two decades, suddenly people like us - brown people - were looked at as the 'Others.' More than fantasy or even science fiction, Ray Bradbury wrote horror, and like so many great horror writers he was himself utterly without fear, of anything. He wasn't afraid of looking uncool - he wasn't scared to openly love innocence, or to be optimistic, or to write sentimentally when he felt that way. Never let life impede on your ability to manifest your dreams. Dig deeper into your dreams and deeper into yourself and believe that anything is possible, and make it happen. Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick. I was probably cool around the end of 2002. By means of tracing-paper I transfer my design to the wood and draw on that. I hate war. Absolutely, I hate war. My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams. The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern: every class is unfit to govern. I'm a big romantic, so I love guys who are romantic too. I think working with Johnny Depp was very intimidating. It was my fault though. I mean he's a total cool nice, nice guy, but I was just so, I don't know, overpowered by his presence. Like he's a very mystic person. He's older so I never really warmed up around him. I was so stiff. Some of the FDA's own scientists have charged that politics, not science, is behind the FDA's actions. On the one hand Twitter gives you the opportunity to engage with people, which is great, but on the other there are people who feel they can say whatever they want, put poison out there, really, without fear of any repercussions. Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning. There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty people were trapped on the escalators. Actors always talk about taking their work home and I always think: 'What are you on? You just turn it off. You are at work and then you go home.' Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field? Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water. Stuff about me dating Kim Kardashian - I have no idea where that came from and all these other rumors. I don't think I'm that type. Nothing that is really good and God-like dies. Lovers of air travel find it exhilarating to hang poised between the illusion of immortality and the fact of death. People know that they're going to see something which is entertaining but challenging as well because of the form it's in. It's dance theatre and it requires you to use your imagination - it's not straight forward. I'm interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything. Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife. I guess what I learned the most was to feel lucky with what I have been able to accomplish and what I have and to feel humble about the people I have been able to work with. When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture. We must stop talking about the American dream and start listening to the dreams of Americans. Life is a gift, given in trust - like a child. The true history of my administration will be written 50 years from now, and you and I will not be around to see it. I learned more from my mother than from all the art historians and curators who have informed me about technical aspects of art history and art appreciation over the years. I have been wounded like this since about half past eight this morning and I will tell you how it happened. The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water. The Vedanta recognizes no sin it only recognizes error. And the greatest error, says the Vedanta is to say that you are weak, that you are a sinner, a miserable creature, and that you have no power and you cannot do this and that. A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone. Do not trust the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you or I were going to be hanged. Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be. When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words. Tell the truth and shame the devil. Our country will, I believe, sooner forgive an officer for attacking an enemy than for letting it alone. We have mountain of debt that isn't going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road. The secret to film is that it's an illusion. Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer. Stabilizing the euro is one thing, healing the culture that surrounds it is another. A world in which material values are everything and spiritual values nothing is neither a stable state nor a good society. The time has come for us to recover the Judeo-Christian ethic of human dignity in the image of God. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. I believe we should encourage children to sing and play instruments from an early age. My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when I'm not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn. With While You Were Sleeping, it was so much fun and such a Cinderella story, that I didn't want to do another romantic comedy. I wanted to do the opposite. A man willing to work, and unable to find work, is perhaps the saddest sight that fortune's inequality exhibits under this sun. Nothing is so galling to a people not broken in from the birth as a paternal, or in other words a meddling government, a government which tells them what to read and say and eat and drink and wear. When one has love for God, one doesn't feel any physical attraction to wife, children, relatives and friends. One retains only compassion for them. The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese. Today, because of President Obama's courage, kids can stay on their parent's plan until they are 26. Insurers cannot kick you off your policy because you have hit your limit. They will not be able to deny you because you have a pre-existing condition. When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that I'm older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all. The earth is the Lord's fullness thereof: this is no longer a hollow dictum of religion, but a directive for economic action toward human brotherhood. Old age and the passage of time teach all things. A coach once told me there are four factors that determine a players' performance: his tactical awareness, his physical condition, his technical ability and his mental strength. Venice is the perfect place for a phase of art to die. No other city on earth embraces entropy quite like this magical floating mall. The computer offers another kind of creativity. You cannot ignore the creativity that computer technology can bring. But you need to be able to move between those two different worlds. A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope. To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. Markets rebounded quickly from morning jitters after the London Thursday terrorist bombing. It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar. Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies. Marriage is wonderful. I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband. You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being. The love of liberty is the love of others the love of power is the love of ourselves. To not be modest about it, you'll find that with only a couple of exceptions, most of the musicians that I've worked with have done their best work by far with me. Do what you fear and fear disappears. Almost all the noblest things that have been achieved in the world, have been achieved by poor men poor scholars, poor professional men, poor artisans and artists, poor philosophers, poets, and men of genius. Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence. Aggression is simply another name for government. But my humble opinion is, I'm not quite sure where I stand on the legalization of drugs - though, if tequila is legal, pot should probably be legal. Marriage is an adventure, like going to war. If a building becomes architecture, then it is art. If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees. We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children. There is nothing I love more than my role as a mom. Even philosophers will praise war as ennobling mankind, forgetting the Greek who said: 'War is bad in that it begets more evil than it kills.' The law has no compassion. And justice is administered without compassion. I think there is a break down of trust generally, between people and politicians. I think that's come about for a whole variety of reasons. Walk a mile in my shoes is good advice. Our children will learn to respect others if they are used to imagining themselves in another's place. I'm set to have my best year ever: I'm hiring some acts and there will be a show in the morning, in the afternoon and in the evening. I'm going to use my theater to its fullest potential. The purpose of thinking about the future is not to predict it but to raise people's hopes. I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck. In the clashes between ignorance and intelligence, ignorance is generally the aggressor. War has been good to me from a financial standpoint but I don't want to make money that way. I don't want blood money. There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it. The only safe ship in a storm is leadership. I'm a big fan of Courtney Love. I love Hole and I love her acting and I love her attitude. I just hope I never meet her in a dark alley. You know, the interesting thing about having traveled around the country as much as I have, and I think it's sort of inadvertently what made me come out or at least begin doing things within the community and thinking more about that, was that I get to travel quite a bit. Man's true nature being lost, everything becomes his nature as, his true good being lost, everything becomes his good. Whoever wants to know something about me - as an artist which alone is significant - they should look attentively at my pictures and there seek to recognise what I am and what I want. Hope never abandons you, you abandon it. We can in fact first place the beam of rays of moving positive atomic ions in a plane perpendicular to the axis in which we see the spectral lines emitted by them. The physical part of comedy is as hard as a lot of action movies. It scares me, but in a way that I like. Last year, Congress gave the Department of Defense the authority to design a new civilian personnel system for its employees as part of the defense authorization bill. But I think you can make fun of anything as long as it's funny enough. If we are not free, no one will respect us. Being the lead of the show and working a lot of hours - all good stuff, a tremendous education, incredible opportunity, it changed my life - it was a marathon, and by the end of it I was pretty beat. Anger's not a good emotion. I have such trust complexes. I'm close to, like, two people. I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture. Of all nature's gifts to the human race, what is sweeter to a man than his children? I rise today in support of Bill C-38, the Civil Marriage Act. I rise in support of a Canada in which liberties are safeguarded, rights are protected and the people of this land are treated as equals under the law. Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, 'I'm an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better!' So here we stand. Americans have a choice. The first essential in writing about anything is that the writer should have no experience of the matter. The idea of redemption is always good news, even if it means sacrifice or some difficult times. But I wanted marriage for myself. I was not calculating about it. I wish I was more calculating. My mother taught me to treat a lady respectfully. You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination. In religion as in politics it so happens that we have less charity for those who believe half our creed, than for those who deny the whole of it. Sir, I am no sycophant or worshipper of power anywhere. Because if you lived, as I did, several years under Nazi totalitarianism, and then 20 years in communist totalitarianism, you would certainly realize how precious freedom is, and how easy it is to lose your freedom. If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you. You know, Johnny Depp has always been a massive inspiration for me and he's somebody who has produced an incredible amount of work, and every single piece that he does is amazing. Everything is the product of one universal creative effort. There is nothing dead in Nature. Everything is organic and living, and therefore the whole world appears to be a living organism. I'm not a big fan of Women's Liberation, but maybe it will help women stand up for the respect they're due. There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group there is less competition there. Old friends are best. The government invented the Internet. T'was the night before Christmas, when all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse. Finding that balance between work and family is the hardest thing I've ever done - by far. Religion often is misused for purely power-political goals, including war. Yes, it's a man's world, but that's all right because they're making a total mess of it. We're chipping away at their control, taking the parts we want. Some women think it's a difficult task, but it's not. And I came back and it was great, 'cuz George had set up all these flowers all over the studio saying welcome home. So then we got it together again. I always felt it was better on the White one for me. We were more like a band, you know. In the United States, though power corrupts, the expectation of power paralyzes. My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life. You can be the best actor in the world, but if you don't have that one lucky moment, it kind of doesn't matter. There are a lot of amazing actors who will never get the chance to prove themselves because they won't have that one lucky moment. By means of tracing-paper I transfer my design to the wood and draw on that. The only protection as a historian is to institute a process of research and writing that minimizes the possibility of error. And that I have tried to do, aided by modern technology, which enables me, having long since moved beyond longhand, to use a computer for both organizing and taking notes. When you have a background in combat sports, people think you're this martial arts expert, but really I'm just a guy who is able to do certain things without making a mess of himself. You know, I'm just not going to get into American politics. I'm most interested in working and learning from different people and telling good stories. Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children. It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty. Music is the soul of language. I like to try to do a little work before I do anything in the morning, even if it's a paragraph. As far as Saddam Hussein being a great military strategist, he is neither a strategist, nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general, nor is he a soldier. Other than that, he's a great military man, I want you to know that. I could pose in fashion commercials as a high society star but politics is a new way of life. I regard sports first and foremost as entertainment, so dry documentary narration is not for me. Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility. We are going as fast as we can as soon as we can. We're in a race against time, until we run out of money. Human education is concerned with certain changes in the intellects, characters and behavior of men, its problems being roughly included under these four topics: Aims, materials, means and methods. Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty. I'm convinced that the man who has learned to meditate upon the Lord will be able to run on his feet and walk in his spirit. Although he may be hurried by his vocation, that's not the issue. The issue is how fast his spirit is going. To slow it down takes a period of time. The qualities of an exceptional cook are akin to those of a successful tightrope walker: an abiding passion for the task, courage to go out on a limb and an impeccable sense of balance. We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones. I think in a lot of romantic comedies it ends with a kiss, and I feel like in modern day relationships, and maybe just my own experience, it starts with a kiss and then all sort of falls apart and then comes together. You're texting. You're wondering what's going on. There's no definitions, there's no labels. A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant. Capitalism would have never let me be a filmmaker, living in Flint, Michigan with a high school education. I was going to have to make that happen myself. I never feel so utterly fraudulent as when I review a movie whose charms impress all in the world and I simply do not get it. The other variant is that I love something the world disdains. This has had severe career consequences: I am still famous - or notorious - in certain quarters where I am recalled as the man who liked 'Hudson Hawk.' A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace. There's a whole lot more to the African-American community than entertainment and sports. I later spent... five to eight months in hospitals in New Jersey, always on an involuntary basis, and always attempting a legal argument for release. In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love. My fans mean everything to me - especially the sisters! When you're on 'The View' or you're doing movies and stuff, you're a little bit insulated. It means so much to me when a woman comes up to me and says, 'Sherri, you said what I feel.' That just means so much to me to know that I have that support. Poetry is the utterance of deep and heart-felt truth - the true poet is very near the oracle. At sixty, I know little more about wisdom than I did at thirty, but I know a great deal more about folly. Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent. But the imposition of morality onto science, - where it does not belong - has become rampant in recent years. You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate. Music shouldn't be based around money or politics. Music should be a bunch of people that really do great songs together doing them together for the pursuit of having a good time. Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious. Spiritually good people, pure in heart, who long for the Blessed Sacrament but cannot receive at the time, can receive spiritually... even a hundred times a day, in sickness and in health, with immeasurable grace and profit. The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies. I'm fascinated by failure, and I'm fascinated by finality. Shakespeare's historical plays are more universal than his comedies because they relate to the finality of life. Without finality, life would not be beautiful. My first job was in retail at the age of 14, and I have worked in the industry ever since. I still indulge in a glass of wine or chocolate - treats are mandatory. Without deviating from the day-to-day healthy diet once in a while, it wouldn't be sustainable for me, and that's what I wanted: an approach to eating to last my entire life. Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next 10. My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug. Now, we occupy a lowly position, both in space and rank in comparison with the heavenly sphere, and the Almighty is Most High not in space, but with respect to absolute existence, greatness and power. The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love. Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice? Wherever there is a design that is highly successful in a broad range of similar environments, it is apt to emerge again and again, independently - the phenomenon known in biology as convergent evolution. I call these designs 'good tricks.' Modernity, the child of the Enlightenment, failed when it became apparent that the good society cannot be achieved by unaided reason. Loyalty to the country always. Loyalty to the government when it deserves it. The only animals I'm not comfortable with are parrots, but I'm learning as I go. I'm getting better and better at 'em. I really am. They succeed, because they think they can. It is best to love wisely, no doubt but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all. Europe is scooters. Europe is five young people on one bench sharing a chocolate bar. Their idea of entertainment and fun is so much different than ours, which is exactly why a movie about them would be funny. The measure of a man is what he does with power. I first fell in love with music when I was a little boy. When I first heard music, I felt the beauty in it. Then, being able to tap along on a table top and box was great, but my favorite thing to do was to watch records spin. I would almost get hypnotized by it. These things are what drew me in initially. You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well. My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their intellects. To feel the presence of the Lord is an amazing thing. I love Sweden. The entire world should be like Sweden. They all like to drink and get naked, and the women are hot. I can't think of a better nation on the planet. Everything has been homogenized. Over time, with television and jet travel, everybody has blended together. Some of our wonderful charm has been lost. I didn't come to Hollywood to drink or get high, and I don't want to be considered a cool actor - I want to be a great actor. The Palestinians want a state, but they have to give peace in return. What they're trying to do in the United Nations is to get a state without giving Israel peace or giving Israel peace and security. And I think that's, that's wrong. That should not succeed. That should, that should fail. The hajj is one of the five essential practices of Islam when they make the pilgrimage to Mecca, Muslims ritually act out the central principles of their faith. There are better alternatives... Australia should be exporting its solar technology, not its uranium. What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. When I'm writing, I'm constantly thinking about myself, because it's the only experience I have to draw on. And I don't see an exact reflection of myself in every face in the audience, but I know that my songs have validity to them, and that's why the fans are there. If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself. It bothers me when I hear it in a car commercial or some such. But for the most part, it's better than seeing sacred music relegated to the scrap heap. Know how to live the time that is given you. Many women cut back what had to be done at home by redefining what the house, the marriage and, sometimes, what the child needs. One woman described a fairly common pattern: I do my half. I do half of his half, and the rest doesn't get done. The enemy fought with savage fury, and met death with all its horrors, without shrinking or complaining: not one asked to be spared, but fought as long as they could stand or sit. A very Faustian choice is upon us: whether to accept our corrosive and risky behavior as the unavoidable price of population and economic growth, or to take stock of ourselves and search for a new environmental ethic. Misery is the company of lawsuits. If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue. It's cool to have instruments lying around because they give you different ideas. The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions, and value others that deserve it. Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do. Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation. At that time, I had recently finished a book called Amazing Grace, which many people tell me is a very painful book to read. Well, if it was painful to read, it was also painful to write. I had pains in my chest for two years while I was writing that book. Fight the power that be. Fight the power. The first stage in a technology's advance is that it'll fall below a critical price. After it falls below a critical price, it will tend, if it's successful, to rise above a critical mass, a penetration. Berlin is still going through a transition since the Cold War - both in what used to be East and West Berlin. I can still sense the confusion and the struggle for identity there in the streets. There's a pulse to it. The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust. I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing. Honest pioneer work in the field of science has always been, and will continue to be, life's pilot. On all sides, life is surrounded by hostility. This puts us under an obligation. I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure. There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive. With several different kinds of poetry to choose from, a man would decide that he would like best to be an epic poet, and he would set out, in conscious determination, on an epic poem. All the culture war issues will be settled by the court. If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself. Here or henceforward it is all the same to me, I accept Time absolutely. The comic book world is a tough business. I think my view is that whenever you project into the future you're never likely to be accurate in the details, or the paraphernalia and style. It's in the spirit of it. Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. Our failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq thus far has been deeply troubling, and our intelligence-gathering process needs thorough and unbiased investigation. Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart. It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent. There was a time when young people respected learning and literature and now they don't. International relationships are preordained to be clumsy gestures based on imperfect knowledge. Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. All issues are women's issues - and there are several that are just women's business. There is little evidence that our individual intelligence has improved through recorded history. I started studying music at the age of five and a half. My older sister was taking piano lessons. When her teacher left our apartment, I would get up on the piano bench and start picking out the notes that were part of my sister's lessons. There's no media training. In cooking school, there's not even manager training. You learn the fundamentals of cooking. Everything else is learning by doing. Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable. Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage. Health is not valued till sickness comes. The ordinary American - as far as I can tell - knows so much less than he did fifty years ago and has such poor work habits compared with fifty years ago that the average multiplicand of knowledge/capabilities is a much smaller number than it was in 1961. I thought if anyone need a leg up, it was our foster children. So, I started getting involved in education reform, and that was back in 1998. And as a result of all the reform work that I had done, people urged me to run for the Minnesota state Senate. I did, I was there for six years. Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time. Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture. There are certain pieces of music that are always attached to certain books. Three years after starting, by physically doing everything from raising the finance to special effects, we'd finally cobbled together our low budget film. My mom and father are extremely proud. They love it when I don't die. I've done so many movies where I've died that their first question when I book a job is, 'So, are you going to die in this?' I'm not going to give a courtesy gift to a person who's going to win, and I'm not going to give a sympathy gift to a person who's going to lose. I never appreciated 'positive heroes' in literature. They are almost always cliches, copies of copies, until the model is exhausted. I prefer perplexity, doubt, uncertainty, not just because it provides a more 'productive' literary raw material, but because that is the way we humans really are. I believe economic growth should translate into the happiness and progress of all. Along with it, there should be development of art and culture, literature and education, science and technology. We have to see how to harness the many resources of India for achieving common good and for inclusive growth. If you come into success too soon, you'll burn out and be finished before you know it. If you let the maturation process happen naturally, you'll be happier with yourself in the end. I shall endeavour still further to prosecute this inquiry, an inquiry I trust not merely speculative, but of sufficient moment to inspire the pleasing hope of its becoming essentially beneficial to mankind. It is not love that is blind, but jealousy. Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation. It's sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. It's about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way. He's computerized, but I won't let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car. We want to obviously foster a relationship that we're a partner with states that we all share the same goals of closing the achievement gap, just as the Congress does and that we're practical and sophisticated enough to understand what they're talking about. Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind. There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse. Through selfless work, love of God grows in the heart. Then through his grace one realize him in course of time. God can be seen. One can talk to him as I am talking to you. Television is an invention that permits you to be entertained in your living room by people you wouldn't have in your home. Wearing a tuxedo isn't as simple as it sounds. I've been to a lot of award shows in Hollywood over the years and have seen some pretty sad tuxes. It's surprisingly easy to go off the rails. Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance. Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, and death is but the sounder sleep. To me, we're marketing hope. I've had a lot of success over the years racing in New York, but the main point is that I feel the marathon is a different event, a lot more my event. When I was 11 my friend's mom made a peanut butter sandwich. I ate the sandwich and was like, 'I'm never eating anything else again.' And I still eat peanut butter every day. I would put peanut butter on a steak. There is science, logic, reason there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California. You have the right to kill me, but you don't have the right to judge me. That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody, so just shut your traps and put down your McDonalds, your vaccines, your Us Weekly, your TMZ and the rest of it. I maintain by going to spin four or five days a week. I love that I can get a solid butt-kicking in 40 minutes. I also strength train two or three times a week. Human history in essence is the history of ideas. I intend to travel to Okinawa and to visit with Okinawa officials and the citizens of Okinawa at an early date. I will send my best analysis of that situation, including the local attitudes, back to Washington, to the government there. By a continuing process of inflation, government can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens. My mother gave lots of good advice and had a lot to say. As you get older, you realize everything she said was true. The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship. Improving our national intelligence capabilities should remain a top priority and a continual process. The relevance of Marxism to science is that it removes it from its imagined position of complete detachment and shows it as a part, but a critically important part, of economy and social development. Look, freedom is an overwhelming American notion. The idea that we want to see the world, the peoples of the world free is something that all of us subscribe to. The problem is not that people are taxed too little, the problem is that government spends too much. I don't believe in writing at night because it comes too easily. When I read it in the morning it's not good. I need daylight to begin. Between nine and ten o'clock I have a long breakfast with reading and music. My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death. Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us. I suffered evils, but without allowing them to rob me of the freedom to expand. My mom put me in a Pampers commercial on TV. The fact is that we would have had comprehensive health care now, had it not been for Ted Kennedy's deliberately blocking the legislation that I proposed in 1978 or '79. We used to go to Studio 54 - an amazing place. Just because I'm talking about something that might have been a sad or painful situation doesn't mean that I'm sad or tortured 24 hours a day any more than anybody else is. I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity. Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times. I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold. The facts of life are that a child who has seen war cannot be compared with a child who doesn't know what war is except from television. We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present. Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two. I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal. And, one thing I definitely enjoyed personally, from a selfish point of view, was exploration and going to places that I had never been to before and learning, you know, meeting the people and getting to know, new sights and sounds, etc. Every single art form is involved in film, in a way. Havin' fun while freedom fightin' must be one of those lunatic Texas traits we get from the water - which is known to have lithium in it - because it goes all the way back to Sam Houston, surely the most lovable, the most human, and the funniest of all the great men this country has ever produced. Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow. It was a very bizarre experience for me, to get the songs together, go in there, and try to deliver them as I would perhaps in a live setting. But I realized that I couldn't take on that coffeehouse style that I came from and go in there and burn it up. A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home. If I have to move up in a building, I choose the elevator over the escalator. Because one time I was riding the escalator and I tripped. I fell down the stairs for an hour and a half. We believe in individual initiative, personal responsibility, opportunity, freedom, small government, the Constitution. These principles, these American principles are key to getting our economy back to being successful and leading the world. Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses. Every single soul is a poem. Introspection and preserved writings give us far more insight into the ways of past humans than we have into the ways of past dinosaurs. For that reason, I'm optimistic that we can eventually arrive at convincing explanations for these broadest patterns of human history. Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian. We don't have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment. A day spent praising the earth and lamenting man's pollutionist history makes you feel like a superior, sensitive soul. Genius is eternal patience. Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. The intellectual force of the West is still dominant, but other cultures are getting stronger. I expect that we will develop a new way of thinking in architecture and urban planning, and that less will be based on our models. I don't remember ever deciding to become a performer. I just always was. I began performing by mimicking the performers on the new television that first took the attention away from me as the baby of the household. I continued performing to put a smile on my grandmother's face and always considered her when accepting or declining roles. The dog is the god of frolic. Facing the press is not easy, but because you have to go, you have to try to take a lot of positive things for yourself from these face-to-face meetings. In the last analysis, even the best man is evil: in the last analysis, even the best woman is bad. The all-seeing eye of God beheld our deplorable state infinite pity touched the heart of the Father of mercies and infinite wisdom laid the plan of our recovery. I enjoy doing romantic stories. I've done a lot of them. The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. Knowledge is not skill. Knowledge plus ten thousand times is skill. Mr. Geithner is an excellent minister. We have a good personal relationship. Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change. When a truth is not given complete freedom, freedom is not complete. If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult. I try to keep it light and positive most of the time, whereas earlier on I didn't always do that. Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. I remember a time when all my fans were crying and sad and going through hell. Now, we're trying to uplift each other and accept ourselves for who we are, even if nobody else does. Buonaparte has often made his boast that our fleet would be worn out by keeping the sea and that his was kept in order and increasing by staying in port but know he finds, I fancy, if Emperors hear the truth, that his fleet suffers more in a night than ours in one year. Tyler Perry's brand is faith, family and this whole thing that I've built, while my company, 34th Street Films, is like Disney's Touchstone. We can do anything. People don't know what to expect from me yet. I have eclectic tastes in the movies I want to do. I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man. When I used to do musical theatre, my dad refused to come backstage. He never wanted to see the props up close or the sets up close. He didn't want to see the magic. If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury if from a small cause, it is peevishness and so is always either terrible or ridiculous. I can spend hours in a grocery store. I get so excited when I see food, I go crazy. I spend hours arranging my baskets so that everything fits in and nothing gets squashed. I'm really anal about it, actually. Biology always beats will power. Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them. Research is of considerable importance in certain fields, such as science and history. At a young age winning is not the most important thing... the important thing is to develop creative and skilled players with good confidence. May we so love as never to have occasion to repent of our love! My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together. For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families. However, democracy cannot be defined as the existence of parliaments and elections alone. Good-humoured, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being. Most of them are pretty down records, pretty unhappy, pretty confused. Which only reflects how people in general were feeling, I mean really the sense that you get is society running down. Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking. If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available. I get in trouble when I say things like, 'I'm attracted to violence.' I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution. And whether the cause is justice for the persecuted, compassion for the needy and the sick, or mercy for the child waiting to be born, there is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action. We are each responsible for all of our experiences. The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite. I visited those friends who'd just had a baby, and she was washing dishes and he was cleaning the house, and I burst with happiness. And in their minds, they were in this terrible domestic rut. My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people. I also don't have organized religion on Pern. I figured - since there were four holy wars going on at the time of writing - that religion was one problem Pern didn't need. You know, I've got wrinkles on my forehead and smile lines, but what's wrong with that? I love to smile. I grew up in New Jersey and my father was a golf pro, so I was groomed for sports, but I wasn't very good, so my interests lay elsewhere. I was eating bad stuff. Lots of sugar and carbs, junk food all the time. It makes you very irritated. I understand by this passion the union of desire, friendship, and tenderness, which is inflamed by a single female, which prefers her to the rest of her sex, and which seeks her possession as the supreme or the sole happiness of our being. Our observation of nature must be diligent, our reflection profound, and our experiments exact. We rarely see these three means combined and for this reason, creative geniuses are not common. If your life changes, we can change the world, too. But the fact is that the vast majority of Republicans support the Sinn Fein leadership. If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile. It's like those high-school yearbook photos that everyone would rather not see: Oh my God, look at that mullet hair. I have those photos too, but for me, they're, like, entire movies. And they show them on cable. It is not our purpose to become each other it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is. Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get. I was never famous as a kid. That's the biggest difference between me and any other kid actor is that I wasn't famous as a kid. If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a teacher, a history teacher. After all, teaching is very much like performing. A teacher is an actor, in a way. It takes a great deal to get, and hold, a class. What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions. Then I discovered I loved writing poetry more than fiction. So, from a very young age, my mom tells me that I wanted to be Michael J. Fox. I didn't want to be an actor. I just wanted to be Michael J. Fox for awhile. And then, I realized that he was an actor, so I pursued that. For NASA, space is still a high priority. Success sometimes can really bite you in the shorts. What seems to be generosity is often no more than disguised ambition, which overlooks a small interest in order to secure a great one. For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders. My first two records are so simply constructed. The reason isn't because I wanted to make simple music. It's because I don't really have the chops. If mankind were to continue in other than the present barbarism, a new path must be found, a new civilization based on some other method than technology. I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone. The tragedy of life and of the world is not that men do not know God the tragedy is that, knowing Him, they still insist on going their own way. The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows. If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace. After making several tragic movies in a row, I was looking to do a comedy, and one without cynicism. I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great. Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have it depends solely on what you think. When I was a kid, the idea of why I wanted acting to be the thing I do for the rest of my life was different. It was, Oh yeah, I'll get girls and be famous. I think when you're trying to produce a relationship on screen that doesn't actually exist, perhaps sometimes there's a temptation to look at each other more, to touch each other more. We would be false to our trust if we allowed the time it takes to give effect to constitutional rights to be used as the very reason for taking away those rights. When one has a great deal to put into it a day has a hundred pockets. We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. So obviously, any religion embodies some form of rules and expectations for behavior, and even sometimes consequences, and they don't want to hear any of that. The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul. Religion is the idol of the mob it adores everything it does not understand. The use and threat of force, when world peace is not in danger, are no longer valid frames of reference for achieving the ends sought today by sovereign nations. In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word 'frustration'. If I could be more vague I'd write more about people in my life, but I hate hurting feelings or making people feel uncomfortable. I've done that before. Unless they're sad songs. Those get finished fast, but the mean ones often end up at the back of the bottom drawer and it's probably for the best. You know, I think the film business is its own worst enemy because it sells movies on DVD footage and 'behind the scenes,' and now it's a real struggle trying to keep storylines and plotlines a secret. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. If I knew I was positive, why would I have ever gone to PAW to take a test? The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone. I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there. The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action. Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing. History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen. Snowboarding's tough, because you've got to go to the mountains. For me, I love the skateboard season because I get to hangout at home and still be skating. I don't have to travel to Norway or Japan or these crazy places to be snowboarding. In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now. I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise. I don't know the history of my sport. I'm not like those people who know everything. Many Japanese painters and calligraphers would change their names intentionally to keep their relationship to the art always fresh. This way, others' expectations can be avoided. The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering. Excessive sorrow laughs. Excessive joy weeps. I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers. Politicians are usually the first to forget that if you assume someone else is acting in bad faith, they will do the same to you. Questioning motives poisons the well. With fashion, you really need to understand the aspects of construction. Not just design on an iPad. Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You don't want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldn't have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social 'yak yaks.' I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays. Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. We can't understand when we're pregnant, or when our siblings are expecting, how profound it is to have a shared history with a younger generation: blood, genes, humor. It means we were actually here, on Earth, for a time - like the Egyptians with their pyramids, only with children. But I am delighted to be a Dodger, I grew up a Dodger fan and now my dreams have really come true. I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry. I miss my family, and I like being a tourist when I go back. I was friends with all different people and all different groups. And that led me to being friends with a few people who didn't even go to my school. Now I have the most amazing collection of friends of all ethnic backgrounds and upbringing and financial backgrounds. I hate women because they always know where things are. We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure. The art of medicine was to be properly learned only from its practice and its exercise. My dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years. And when he opened his campaign headquarters back in the early '70s, when I was 5 years old, my mother wanted me to play the national anthem. And they got an upright piano on the back of a flatbed truck and I played it. You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea. You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once. Having two daughters changed my perspective on a lot of things, and I definitely have a newfound respect for women. And I think I finally became a good and real man when I had a daughter. We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare. The day of fortune is like a harvest day, We must be busy when the corn is ripe. When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic. The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others. It's interesting that whenever I meet some of the other Bond girls, I always have something in common, and it is an interesting sorority. We all share about our Bonds. 'Did your Bond do that?' 'Yes mine did!' So it is quite funny conversations. We may as well be in high school. We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength. My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India. If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace. Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. I think that we had a different view of what the 21st century could be like, with much more of a sense, from our perspective, of trying to have an interdependent world: looking at solving regional conflicts, having strength in alliances, operating within some kind of a sense that we were part of the international community and not outside of it. I had some vague memory of visiting Canberra as a lad, when we came up with my father by car. But when I made the long train journey from Sydney to Canberra and arrived at the little stop, I did wonder slightly whether this really was the national capital. I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing. Caring for children is a dance between setting appropriate limits as caretakers and avoiding unnecessary power struggles that result in unhappiness. I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm! I'm forever learning and that's why I'm always able to create new styles and new dimensions of hip-hop. But in fact if you look at film as a metaphor, only through the negative can you have the positive print. What I'm trying to get to is the positive value of negation. Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement. You have to have hope. It's irresponsible to give false hope, which I think a lot of playwrights are guilty of. But I also think it's irresponsible to simply be a nihilist, which quite a lot of playwrights, especially playwrights younger than me, have become guilty of. People will always choose more money over more sex. You're always close and you never get that big romantic lead. I wanted to be a rich, famous rock-and-roll star in that order. Before I do a play I say that I hope it's going to be for as short a time as possible but, once you do it, it is a paradoxical pleasure. One evening out of two there are five minutes of a miracle and for those five minutes you want to do it again and again. It's like a drug. Both my husband and I give a lot of ourselves in what we do because that is our public lives but in my private life, I have an intrinsic right to be left alone. When Nirvana became popular, you could very easily slip and get lost during that storm. I fortunately had really heavy anchors - old friends, family. The problem is that once the rules of art are debunked, and once the unpleasant realities the irony diagnoses are revealed and diagnosed, 'then' what do we do? Whatever it is you want to do, take a job in that field. You will learn by experience and, slow and steady, you'll get it done! I'm not eager to jump into marriage again. I'm in the corner right now, wearing my dunce cap. That area is obviously a nightmare. When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. If you wished to be loved, love. It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead. There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him. Someday we'll learn the whole story of why George W. Bush brushed off that intelligence briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, 'Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.' But surely a big distraction was the major speech he was readying for delivery on Aug. 9, his first prime-time address to the nation. I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it. Jehovah God is truly rich far beyond the imagination of humankind. For too long, our country's version of an energy policy has consisted of Americans waking up every day and wondering how much it will cost to drive to work, how much it will cost to keep their business running, how much it will cost to heat or cool their homes. The problem with me is, anything that's easy I will just overdo it. Especially with clothes. But I'm 14 - my mom is super-strict about that. It's nice to know that people appreciate and respect you. I get pretty much all the exercise I need walking down airport concourses carrying bags. The pay is good and I can walk to work. My greatest strength as a consultant is to be ignorant and ask a few questions. Few are there that will leave the secure seclusion of the scholar's life, the peaceful walks of literature and learning, to stand out a target for the criticism of unkind and hostile minds. At our company, our Design and Construction Consulting Service Team not only helps eliminate the risks inherent in the construction process, they typically save our clients 5% - 10% on overall construction costs. They also help make sure projects come in on time. As a former career intelligence professional, I have a profound appreciation for the value of intelligence. Intelligence disrupts terrorist plots and thwarts attacks. Intelligence saves lives. There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded. It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality. To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell. Once spirit was God, then it became man, and now it is even becoming mob. Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character. I was ready to quit music. It felt to me like music equalled death. I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace. The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool. When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got. Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from. Man is unique not because he does science, and his is unique not because he does art, but because science and art equally are expressions of his marvelous plasticity of mind. Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone therefore we are saved by love. Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes. All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from. Religion is compulsory in English schools, you know. Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of. Think with your whole body. To hold a pen is to be at war. We should not run away from religious teachings. We should run to them. Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. This is the strangest life I've ever known. My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for. Parenthood remains the greatest single preserve of the amateur. In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose. I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting. Life is a long lesson in humility. The CIA is made up of boys whose families sent them to Princeton but wouldn't let them into the family brokerage business. Poetry can't cure cancer, but it can save your life until you die. Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. People tell me they idolise me, want to be like me, but I tell them, 'trust me, you don't want my life.' I've been a very tortured soul. When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art. This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. That's what it's all about and that's why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. That's the beauty of the cup. No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning. The history of the relationship between comedy and swimming is short indeed. Of course it is always funny when someone falls into water, but that's about it. I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials. Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people. Well, I'm in my 60s now. I finally look it, I think. People until I was 60 would always say they thought I looked younger, which I think, without flattering myself, I did, but I think I certainly have, as George Orwell says people do after a certain age, the face they deserve. We are rather in the position that used to exist at the BBC, where you feel that you can pick up the phone to people who are experts in their field and they will be very favourably disposed to you and share their knowledge. The smart thing in the art world is to have one good idea and never have another. It is the artist's business to create sunshine when the sun fails. I suffer from the delusion that every product of my imagination is not only possible, but always on the cusp of becoming real. Writing fiction is for me a fraught business, an occasion of daily dread for at least the first half of the novel, and sometimes all the way through. The work process is totally different from writing nonfiction. You have to sit down every day and make it up. My movies just kind of sneak up on you. I don't have to worry too much about what everybody is going to say. Anyway, I really don't pay attention to what the world says about my movies. I just care about what my buddies think. Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their passion. When they favor the access of other people to education and health care, the countries of the North not only demonstrate generosity or solidarity, but also implement the principles of respecting and promoting human rights. And I will do everything that I can as long as I am President of the United States to remind the American people that we are one nation under God, and we may call that God different names but we remain one nation. More and more political analysts and weak-kneed politicians are advising the historically pro-life Republican Party to abandon its pro-life stance for political gain. My first response is that if you cannot trust a party on the value of defending human life, how can you trust it on issues like marginal tax rates? Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret. It is a mistake for a sculptor or a painter to speak or write very often about his job. It releases tension needed for his work. I can't say that I've changed anybody's life, ever, and that's the real work of the world, if you want a better society. I'm also interested in the modern suggestion that you can have a combination of love and sex in a marriage - which no previous society has ever believed. Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics. No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does. Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get. We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business? I love the song 'El Rey.' And for years, I never knew what the song was totally about. It was something new for me. I'd never sung a song in Spanish before. Then I got the translation and saw what a really cool song it was. Health is not valued till sickness comes. I suppose women are attracted to the bad-boy image sometimes because it's fun to have an adventure. It's like eating junk food... it's fun at the time, but ultimately not the best choice. Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had. When you have a tough loss, go through it and agonize. I had one loss that I still want to change, but at the same time I realize it is an important part of who I am. I like that the art world isn't regulated. I think a lot of people think that my parents' deaths is why I write such sad songs, but that's not true. Those songs may just be the woman I am. The so-called peace path is not peace and it is not a substitute for jihad and resistance. The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible. Everything officers go through in any chase anywhere in the country, but amped up 100 times! I'm right in the thick of things in a car going like 80 miles an hour, and doing 360s in the middle of the road. It was a wild ride. A lot of people, because of my contempt for the false consolations of religion, think of me as a symbolic public opponent of that in extremis. And sometimes that makes me feel a bit alarmed, to be the repository of other people's hope. Tyler Perry's brand is faith, family and this whole thing that I've built, while my company, 34th Street Films, is like Disney's Touchstone. We can do anything. People don't know what to expect from me yet. When you call upon a Thoroughbred, he gives you all the speed, strength of heart and sinew in him. When you call on a jackass, he kicks. At school I was very shy. I wasn't funny really. The cardinal sin in sports, what could really wreck it, is not cheating to win, which has gone on forever, but cheating to lose. That threatens a fundamental aspect of sports' appeal, which is their spontaneity. If games are fixed, they're no different from movies they're scripted. We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear. I have no hostility to nature, but a child's love to it. I expand and live in the warm day like corn and melons. Do not fear mistakes. There are none. I don't get a chance to do many of my own stunts on 'Buffy' - none of us do. We have amazing stunt people who make us all look really believable and really good. My father told me to dress to reflect the respect you have for the people around you. I've never forgotten that. I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play and win. It is remarkable how closely the history of the apple tree is connected with that of man. In 1978, I entered Tohoku University, into the Department of Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Technology. Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Look, I've got incredible pride for my family. I've absolutely fallen into that cliche of a dad who could just happily talk about my daughter endlessly. I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out. The real point is that totalitarian regimes have claimed jurisdiction over the whole person, and the whole society, and they don't at all believe that we should give unto Caesar that which is Caesar's and unto God that which is God's. George has only got to ring me. His imagination is so wonderful, I'd do any character he might create. That's one of the benefits of working on big budget films. You work with people who have a lot of experience and you get to learn a lot. I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it. You can be in Tokyo or Alberta at four in the morning in your hotel and you can still practice if you feel like it. A trombone cannot do that at four in the morning. I've worked with a band, and it's nice to have someone to travel around with, but I didn't like it as well on stage. Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall. No fathers or mothers think their own children ugly. The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation. But to this day I am convinced that the real reason we met was because Alexander is from Nebraska, and he was completely fascinated that I was about to go off and make a movie with Brando - perhaps the most famous Nebraskan of all. Had anyone told me that I was going to have a career in business, I would have said, 'No way.' Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord. I think I've been incredibly raw my whole career. A lot of people spend a lot of time trying to look cool and spend time being guarded and putting up walls. I just never had the time. It seems more honest to say, 'Hey, this is who I am.' My great hope would be that Quebec would realize itself fully as a distinct part of Canada, and stay Canadian, bringing to Canada a part of its richness. Acting is sort of an extension of childhood. You get to play all of these roles and have so much fun. Playing an athlete would be so cool. Or where you get to shoot guns, ride horses. I wouldn't turn down any of that. Cats are rather delicate creatures and they are subject to a good many different ailments, but I have never heard of one who suffered from insomnia. I don't design down to a price. Having a child is surely the most beautifully irrational act that two people in love can commit. All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. Success and failure are greatly overrated. But failure gives you a whole lot more to talk about. Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesn't spend too well. Now on Friday nights, if I want to go hang out with friends, I go hang out with friends. If I want to stay in and be in the hot tub and have people over to watch movies, I do that. It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad. I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface. As more people use social media to tell the story of the future, the wants and needs of more people will be reflected. Almost all the fans I meet are pretty cool people. They're intelligent and tend to think about things a bit more than your average rock'n'roll fans: sensible people I wouldn't mind having a drink with. The idea of capitalism is not just success but also the failure that allows success to happen. A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage. In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques. Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. The services in wartime are fit only for desperadoes, but in peace are only fit for fools. Resting for me is fitness training. I was so happy that it filmed in New York not only because it's an amazing city, but also because a lot of people across the world somehow started to think about New York as a dangerous place to be and envisioned it as some war zone after that happened. Simply that we are mirroring the trends in society, at any given time smuggling was an issue in the seventies, corruption is an issue today, and we faithfully reflect those issues. First play I ever did was 'Footloose.' I played the part of Willard when I was 16. I think I wore my drama teacher's jeans and her belt - that's how small I was. I know a lot of Willard's back story from the musical that's not explored in the film. Like he's got this whole relationship with his mama, and he sings this song 'Mama Says.' We are all used to paying a sales tax when we buy things - almost 9 percent here in New York City. The application of this concept to the financial sector could solve our need for revenue, bring some sanity back into the financial sector, and give us a way to raise the revenue we need to run the government in a fiscally responsible way. I hope I am the Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses. As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. To light one candle to God and another to the Devil is the principle of wisdom. But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour. The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute. America has a relationship with Bobby and Whitney. Love alone could waken love. A women's greatest asset is her beauty. It's just us trying to start a movement where everybody passes on a bit of cooking knowledge. We estimate that one person can potentially affect 180 others very quickly so we're just trying to spread the word. Deep feeling doesn't make for good poetry. A way with language would be a bit of help. Never deprive someone of hope it might be all they have. The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years. Disco is music for dancing, and people will always want to dance. I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my children's birthdays too. I grow old learning something new every day. War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it. We did not go to war in Afghanistan or in Iraq to, quote, 'impose democracy.' We went to war in both places because we saw those regimes as a threat to the United States. Dispassionate objectivity is itself a passion, for the real and for the truth. To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment. I'm trying to figure myself out through my movies. Whether it's big stuff like what we're doing here, or little stuff like, 'Why aren't I happier?' With every film I feel like I'm apologising for something. I feel I'm most successful when I'm looking for something that embarrasses me about my character that I'd like to expose. Faith given back to us after a night of doubt is a stronger thing, and far more valuable to us than faith that has never been tested. The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it, or to escape what is bad in it. But we will escape it only by adding something better to it. They've got to tell us what is necessary to ensure the future health of the river system. The use and threat of force, when world peace is not in danger, are no longer valid frames of reference for achieving the ends sought today by sovereign nations. Bankers - pillars of society who are going to hell if there is a God and He has been accurately quoted. In fact, it will be very easy to climb the building because of its shape and architecture. Hope is like a road in the country there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence. Web 2.0 ideas have a chirpy, cheerful rhetoric to them, but I think they consistently express a profound pessimism about humans, human nature and the human future. I want the Arabic Granada, that which is art, which is all that seems to me beauty and emotion. A woman's two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business. I believe in the religion of Islam. I believe in Allah and peace. After hurting myself like that, I could not go back immediately to racing. I was in no condition, mentally or physically. That helped me to strengthen myself to go through the hard times that were ahead with my business, and to be successful. I believe it is essential for our planetary future to develop tools that can change the consciousness which has created the crisis that we are in. One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream. If you want a quality, act as if you already had it. Good things happen when you meet strangers. Most of my relationships were people in the business. Having said that, me and Tim don't really talk that much about work. He comes into my bit of the house every so often to vent but we don't really have very high, cultured conversations. If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life. Most of the approaches to peace between Israel and the Palestinians, have been directed at trying to resolve the most complex problems, like refugees and Jerusalem, which is akin to building the pyramid from the top down. 'Tis well enough for a servant to be bred at an University. But the education is a little too pedantic for a gentleman. No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause. I think because I became a mom later in life, everything in life means more. Even at our birth, death does but stand aside a little. And every day he looks towards us and muses somewhat to himself whether that day or the next he will draw nigh. You are not a human being in search of a spiritual experience. You are a spiritual being immersed in a human experience. One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself. We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only. The primary purpose of a liberal education is to make one's mind a pleasant place in which to spend one's leisure. Charles Laughton, who's a great hero of mine, only ever made one film and it happens to be one of the great films ever, which is 'The Night of the Hunter.' It's full of his kind of imagination and creation and how you do things and just in the way he used the studio, I just thought it was a fantastical way of using the studio. Outside museums, in noisy public squares, people look at people. Inside museums, we leave that realm and enter what might be called the group-mind, getting quiet to look at art. White people couldn't do black music back in the day because they weren't funky or bad enough. They weren't from the ghettoes, but hip-hop and R&ampB changed all of that because white kids want to be down with it. They wanted to learn it so they studied the culture. It's kind of a cool thing because we shouldn't be so separate. What I've been developing is a vegan fast food chain and vegan food markets. There was a study done in the early 20th century of all the entrepreneurs who entered the automobile industry around the same time as Henry Ford there were something like 500 automotive companies that got funded, had the internal combustion engine, had the technology, and had the vision. Sixty percent of them folded within a couple of years. Blowing up buses will not induce the Israelis to move forward, and neither will the killing of Palestinians or the demolition of their homes and their future. All this needs to stop. And we pledge that Jordan will do its utmost to help achieve it. I was able to do The Saint of Fort Washington, on the relationship between two homeless men. The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life - knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live. The principles that made this nation a great and powerful leader of the world, have not lost their meaning. They never will. We know we can bring this country back. I'm Mitt Romney. I believe in America. And I'm running for president of the United States. I think it's more interesting to see people who don't feel appropriately. I relate to that, because sometimes I don't feel anything at all for things I'm supposed to, and other times I feel too much. It's not always like it is in the movies. Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men. Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. One of the evils of money is that it tempts us to look at it rather than at the things that it buys. The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control. Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain. Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods. What turns me on about the digital age, what excited me personally, is that you have closed the gap between dreaming and doing. You see, it used to be that if you wanted to make a record of a song, you needed a studio and a producer. Now, you need a laptop. I have a very close relationship with my mom, and I'm able to talk to her about anything. We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man. My father came from a very poor background, but I was very fortunate in the sense that we were never in need. My dad was determined to make sure that we didn't want for things. He wanted to give us more opportunity than he had, a better shot at a better life. Most diets would have you cutting things out from your diet they are about denial and discipline. The heartbeat of a football team is the quarterback position and I think everyone who has any intelligence about the game understands you must have consistency at that position to be a championship team. I'm not terribly happy about rock and roll. Certain rock music is uninspiring, numbing it makes you feel like an idiot. For me to propose a division of Jerusalem was really terrible. I did it because I reached a conclusion that without which there will not be peace. I think it's really, really important to mix it up as an actor, to try to get as much kind of varied experience as you can, not only for your own personal growth as an actor but for the audience to keep them guessing about what you're going to do. I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future. We need comprehensive reform that will make America the best place in the world to invest and do business. The things that make me angry still make me angry. George Carlin is 67, and he's still as funny as he's ever been, and he's still angry. And that makes me feel good, because I feel like if I stick around long enough, I'll still be able to work. Traveling is seeing it is the implicit that we travel by. When I planned my wedding the first time, my ex-husband and I, we were both struggling comics. I had a TV show that had gotten cancelled. Basically, I rented a wedding gown the reception hall smelled like feet. We often want one thing and pray for another, not telling the truth even to the gods. I was brought up with psychics and tarot cards. My mum was always told I was going to be in a boy band and be famous as a singer. Money spent on carbon cuts is money we can't use for effective investments in food aid, micronutrients, HIV/AIDS prevention, health and education infrastructure, and clean water and sanitation. Toy Soldiers was my introduction to film. I certainly didn't think I was doing art by any stretch of the imagination. Every day, families in the United States face the stark choice between a roof over their heads and food on the table. Buying health insurance, owning a home, and saving up for college are just too far out of their reach. I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it. I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past. I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice! And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue. There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles. I have epiphanies all the time, because I'm always thinking. I'm a thinker. I'm always writing poetry, I'm always coming to conclusions. Men were not intended to work with the accuracy of tools, to be precise and perfect in all their actions. I really have to dance more often, and so I travel around. If I don't, I will crumble. As far as I was concerned, the Depression was an ill wind that blew some good. If it hadn't occurred, my parents would have given me my college education. As it was, I had to scrabble for it. All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child. It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content. Nor is it the least advantage to health, accruing from such a way of life, that it expose those who follow it to fewer temptations to vice, than persons who live in crowded society. I hope that anyone I worked with wouldn't exploit our relationship. I decided to make 'Captain America' because I realized I wasn't doing the film because it terrified me. You can't make decisions based on fear. To them though, not to us, we were just a catalyst for their imagination. Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say. Happiness is a by-product. You cannot pursue it by itself. If you have ideas, you have the main asset you need, and there isn't any limit to what you can do with your business and your life. Ideas are any man's greatest asset. Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death. The beauty of having a producer is that you have someone who says, You're finished. The car business is a lot like football. In football, you have to win once a week. In the car business, you have to win every day. It's not that, you know, when a relationship doesn't work and there are issues, you have to somehow work it out if there are children involved. Only the young die good. I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age. I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor. The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency. Fear is the foundation of most governments. Everywhere I go I buy new music shirts. I put all my genius into my life I put only my talent into my works. I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living. It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win. In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists. The less money you owe, the less income you'll need and the less you'll have to save for tomorrow. I set records that will never be equaled. In fact, I hope 90% of them don't even get printed. I'm healthy, have a loving and adorable family, great hunting dogs, a gravity defying musical career and most importantly, fuzzy-headed idiots hate me. The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope. One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience. Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life. There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition. The future is built on brains, not prom court, as most people can tell you after attending their high school reunion. But you'd never know it by talking to kids or listening to the messages they get from the culture and even from their schools. I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself. What is the system? It revolves around the banks, the system is built on the power of the banks, so it can be destroyed through the banks. I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will. I am a hopeless romantic. My philosophy is: It's none of my business what people say of me and think of me. Winter is nature's way of saying, 'Up yours.' I went to my son's graduation this weekend, and I heard a great quote I've never heard before from Albert Einstein. It was that the greatest danger to the world is not the bad people but it's the good people who don't speak out. When people are lame, they love to blame. The Amateur Marriage grew out of the reflection that of all the opportunities to show differences in character, surely an unhappy marriage must be the richest. Reputation is favorable notoriety as distinguished from fame, which is permanent approval of great deeds and noble thoughts by the best intelligence of mankind. I have no doubt but that the misery of the lower classes will be found to abate whenever the Government assumes a freer aspect and the laws favor a subdivision of Property. I assume everything I do in life is gonna be a failure, and then if it turns up roses, then I'm psyched. I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power. I could write historical fiction, or science fiction, or a mystery but since I find it fascinating to research the clues of some little know period and develop a story based on that, I will probably continue to do it. The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other. Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings. I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning. It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled. Mainly, I thought of Barney as a kid. You can always look into the faces of kids and see what they're thinking, if they're happy or sad. That's what I tried to do with Barney. Outside of the chair, the teapot is the most ubiquitous and important design element in the domestic environment and almost everyone who has tackled the world of design has ended up designing one. I have been following a vegan diet now since the 1980s, and find it not only healthier, but also much more attractive than the chunks of meat that were on my plate as a child. For in the true nature of things, if we rightly consider, every green tree is far more glorious than if it were made of gold and silver. No matter how full a reservoir of maxims one may possess, and no matter how good one's sentiments may be, if one has not taken advantage of every concrete opportunity to act, one's character may remain entirely unaffected for the better. I enjoyed being involved in team sports and making close friendships. Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory. A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual. When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do. Robots are interesting because they exist as a real technology that you can really study - you can get a degree in robotics - and they also have all this pop-culture real estate that they take up in people's minds. I like to start out each day from the beginning. I'm always learning things. Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous. The greatest blessing of our democracy is freedom. But in the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves. Dreams have always expanded our understanding of reality by challenging our boundaries of the real, of the possible. I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting. I've done an informal, anecdotal survey about marriage, and I've found no evidence that it brings happiness. Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture. On the other hand, I believe there's hope, because the breakdown and the repair are happening simultaneously. Tragedy in life normally comes with betrayal and compromise, and trading on your integrity and not having dignity in life. That's really where failure comes. I feel very strong as an individual, but as a famous footballer I know I am prone to certain things. All the media have a continuous interest for me. It varies from once a year to every day interest. Well, my relationship to America at the time I left was very limited. I remember a moment when the Prince went back to his old school, Grammar School in Melbourne, and slightly to his horror his old music teacher produced a cello. I understand the Second Amendment. I respect the Second Amendment. I think we need to use common sense tools to keep the American people safe, to keep our streets safe. History is more or less bunk. I think when you're trying to produce a relationship on screen that doesn't actually exist, perhaps sometimes there's a temptation to look at each other more, to touch each other more. As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD. It's a joke to think that anyone is one thing. We're all such complex creatures. But if I'm going to be a poster child for anything, anger's a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen. Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists. But, as environment minister, I am very interested in a thriving German automobile industry, because I can only pay for the rising costs of environmental protection at home and abroad if there are people in Germany with jobs and who pay taxes. It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either. But, I don't think any arranger should ever write a drum part for a drummer because if a drummer can't create his own Interpretation of the chart and he plays everything that's written, he becomes mechanical he has no freedom. I think my capacity to change has given me tremendous happiness, because who I am today I am completely content to be. My dad was always such a frustrated artist. He always worked very hard to support his family, doing a bunch of ridiculous jobs. He wanted to be a painter, but then he also wrote science-fiction novels in his spare time. Death and life have their determined appointments riches and honors depend upon heaven. Humor can help you cope with the unbearable so that you can stay on the bright side of things until the bright side actually comes along. One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda. Today, the Iraqi citizen sees that America is coming and wants to occupy his country and kill him, and he is willing to experience for himself what happened in Palestine. To him who is in fear everything rustles. And this is one way to do technology forecasting get a sense of where technology is, and then anticipate the next upturn. The imagination is the spur of delights... all depends upon it, it is the mainspring of everything now, is it not by means of the imagination one knows joy? Is it not of the imagination that the sharpest pleasures arise? Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death. Architecture can't fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isn't real. Forgiveness is not to give the other person peace. Forgiveness is for you. Take that opportunity. If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable. That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to a pertinent answer. That no government, so called, can reasonably be trusted, or reasonably be supposed to have honest purposes in view, any longer than it depends wholly upon voluntary support. I like animals. I like natural history. The travel bit is not the important bit. The travel bit is what you have to do in order to go and look at animals. Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get. I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it. I pray every night before I go to sleep and every morning when I wake up. Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. I'm currently in an interesting correspondence with a nun about forgiveness. You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it! Once the command of the air is obtained by one of the contending armies, the war becomes a conflict between a seeing host and one that is blind. Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone. Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day. I remember when I was growing up, I always wore glasses and so if I was on-stage or just being able to move around playing sports, I was never really able to because I had glasses holding me back. Wearing contacts has just been very helpful. I did come from a pretty independent-minded family. I come from the New York theatre world, and I have a lot of gay male friends, so this friendship of Will and Grace's isn't such a stretch. We can play politics, or we can reduce crime. Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows. The only genuine elite is the elite of those men and women who gave their lives to justice and charity. I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex. The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present. I think a spiritual journey is not so much a journey of discovery. It's a journey of recovery. It's a journey of uncovering your own inner nature. It's already there. The last time I saw him he was walking down lover's lane holding his own hand. Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed. You can tell alot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans. I won't allow myself to have tremendous fear. What is called good society is usually nothing but a mosaic of polished caricatures. In England, with all due respect, we have some of the plainest actresses in the entire world as our greatest. All men by nature desire knowledge. I've actually suffered from allergies my entire life. My mom had allergies, so I was aware of what an issue they can be. Many people allow their allergies to affect their lives. As a mom with two kids and two jobs, I just can't let allergies slow me down. It's a day to day thing that can really be remedied by finding the right medication. Education commences at the mother's knee, and every word spoken within hearsay of little children tends toward the formation of character. My mom is very Southern and she in real life says things like, 'If you've got it, flaunt it.' I think women as well as men are concerned about jobs and the economy and spending and, and other issues. They're concerned that when their kids graduate from college they have an economy and they have a future in this country and they, they have the same opportunity that we've had and our grandparents have had. I turned into a workaholic to the point of where my health was in jeopardy. I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano A stage where every man must play a part, And mine is a sad one. I always loved working as an actress, but I didn't understand why I couldn't just opt out of being famous. And then I realized you can, and I think I did. And eventually, I came to understand that you can do that and also keep working. The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small. This love is silent. The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others. Life is the only art that we are required to practice without preparation, and without being allowed the preliminary trials, the failures and botches, that are essential for training. I've never had any health problems and I'm Ruben, man, all the way through. All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men. Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work. It's quite nice to see that I didn't have to change who I was to reach two very different types of people. Conversion is not my intention. Changing religion is not easy. You may develop some kind of confusion or difficulties. But my sense in talking to people when I travel is that the film business is not that dissimilar from a lot of other businesses. Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time. Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace. I love chicken fingers, I love French fries. I love desserts. I'm not just into dessert or just into savoury food. I love it all. I'm a pig. I love food. So it takes a lot of discipline to eat healthy. I have absolutely no empathy for camels. I didn't care for being abused in the Middle East by those horrible, horrible, horrible creatures. They don't like people. It's not at all like the relationship between horses and humans. No agent wants to see a book until he or she has decided whether to pursue the relationship. Whoever is new to power is always harsh. I dealt with legal questions in the interest of Adolf Hitler and the NSDAP and its members during the difficult years of struggle for the victory of the Movement. But live shows are cool. I just got back into the idea of enjoying it live. I forgot to shake hands and be friendly. It was an important lesson about leadership. What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish. Let your mind alone, and see what happens. My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength. Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination. The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets. I'm not as far along as Jack Nicklaus was at this age, but I'm trying. Greater than the tread of mighty armies is an idea whose time has come. The pay is good and I can walk to work. I have as much input to the blues I just never got the chance, the opportunity or maybe the respect. It proved easier to buy the farm to get the mineral rights than to buy the coal rights alone. What I'm doing is writing stories about women who care about justice. They are women who think about the difference between right and wrong, what's legal and illegal, ethical and unethical, moral and immoral. Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. You know what they call the fellow who finishes last in his medical school graduating class? They call him 'Doctor.' It's hard to do it because you gotta look people in the eye and tell 'em they're irresponsible and lazy. And who's gonna wanna do that? Because that's what poverty is, ladies and gentlemen. In this country, you can succeed if you get educated and work hard. Period. Period. Everywhere among the English-speaking race criminal justice was rude, and punishments were barbarous but the tendency was to do away with special privileges and legal exemptions. History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed art has remembered the people, because they created. The thing about science fiction is that it's totally wide open. But it's wide open in a conditional way. A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. I was watching 'Up In The Air' and I thought, 'Jesus, who's the old gray-haired guy?' And it was me. I never wear makeup for movies and now it's starting to show. All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do. All I ever wanted to do was to make food accessible to everyone to show that you can make mistakes - I do all the time - but it doesn't matter. People always underestimate the impact of technology. To give you an example: In the 1970s the frontier for offshore development was 200 meters, today it is 4,000 meters. Forgiveness is God's command. Why not collect and clean chicken wishbones in the run-up to Christmas, spray them silver and use each to pinch together a white hem-stitch napkin? But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting. The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised. I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal. In societies where mature workers are respected and where their wisdom is respected, everybody benefits. Workers are more engaged and productive. Their health is better. They live longer. Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else. Humor is just another defense against the universe. I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business. It's amazing to me that people have any interest in such a low-level sex scandal. If I were sleeping with a congressman, maybe, but I'm a nobody and the people I'm writing about are nobodies. Learning about all those different things psychologically - about grief and my own addictions and problems and stuff like that, and really getting an education on it, I think it was part of the process of it, learning about it and trying to lick it. It is a simple but sometimes forgotten truth that the greatest enemy to present joy and high hopes is the cultivation of retrospective bitterness. When I wonder what the future of books will be, I often think about horses. Before automobiles existed, everyone had a horse. Then cars became available, and their convenience, compared to horses, was undeniable. I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace. My physics teacher, Thomas Miner was particularly gifted. To this day, I remember how he introduced the subject of physics. He told us we were going to learn how to deal with very simple questions such as how a body falls due to the acceleration of gravity. I enjoy what Twitter is because I can really connect with the fans and it's a great way to share information with them and it's also a great way to entertain. I like being able to put a smile on people's faces and letting them know what I'm doing. Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall! Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired. Sports and politics don't mix. When I was 12 years old, someone took me to see Martha Graham. It was nothing like what I thought of as serious dancing and even then I knew I was having a great experience. It was as if somebody was moving through space like no one ever did before. In my family in particular, I think, there was a sense we have to work twice as hard. Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it. I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life. I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic. Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. Wisdom allows nothing to be good that will not be so forever no man to be happy but he that needs no other happiness than what he has within himself no man to be great or powerful that is not master of himself. God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal. I can tell you this: If I'm ever in a position to call the shots, I'm not going to rush to send somebody else's kids into a war. The first year I started in San Francisco, there was an American work on every program and there's been a lot of music by living composers and gradually that was part of the process of getting the audience really to trust me. And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility. When a man goes through six years training to be a doctor he will never be the same. He knows too much. My purpose... to go on with my heart and soul, devoting all my energies to Girl Scouts, and heart and hand with them, we will make our lives and the lives of the future girls happy, healthy and holy. If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher. My parents were early converts to Christianity in my part of Nigeria. They were not just converts my father was an evangelist, a religious teacher. He and my mother traveled for thirty-five years to different parts of Igboland, spreading the gospel. A goose flies by a chart which the Royal Geographical Society could not mend. The things the writers have me doing on 'Suburgatory' are insane. I think they think it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me. I try not to diet because it never really works for me, if I tell myself I can't eat something then I tend to want to eat everything in sight. I like to think of myself as a fairly educated human being, but I'm a very uneducated actor when it comes to movies, directors, producers, actors for that matter. The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning. I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy. Ah! how annoying that the law doesn't allow a woman to change husbands just as one does shirts. I think it will be found that experience, the true source and foundation of all knowledge, invariably confirms its truth. I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more. The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure. Lawsuit: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage. Say not that honor is the child of boldness, nor believe thou that the hazard of life alone can pay the price of it: it is not to the action that it is due, but to the manner of performing it. Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous. A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it. It's not about failure it's about trying something and risking something for attaining your goal. I suppose I look for humor in most situations because it humanizes things it makes a character much more three-dimensional if there's some kind of humor. Not necessarily laugh-out-loud type of stuff, just a sense that there is a humorous edge to things. I do like that. Failure to accord credit to anyone for what he may have done is a great weakness in any man. That's what's nice about directing a film and having it done: There's nothing more I can do about it. It's done. That's it. All I can do is let it go and hope that people are kind to it. Any health care funding plan that is just, equitable, civilized and humane must - must - redistribute wealth from the richer among us to the poorer and the less fortunate. Excellent healthcare is by definition re-distributional. It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues. Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom. Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the 8 hours when we stop killing each other and gratutious over eating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die! I crashed my boyfriend's birthday when I was 12 years old. He didn't invite me and so I showed up. The virtue of privacy is one that must be protected in matters that are intimate and within one's own family. Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God. My parents started a business out of the living room of our home and, 30-plus years later, it was a multimillion dollar company. So, President Obama, with all due respect, don't tell me that my parents didn't build their business. I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there. I have never won a race, and that is my main disappointment - but you have to be positive. I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business. If the first requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite, the second is to put in your apprenticeship as a feeder when you have enough money to pay the check but not enough to produce indifference of the total. The Godhead consists of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Father is a material being. The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings. Economists report that a college education adds many thousands of dollars to a man's lifetime income - which he then spends sending his son to college. History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people. The Bible must be considered as the great source of all the truth by which men are to be guided in government as well as in all social transactions. I wish we lived in a society that made it safe and provided the courage for everyone to come out. Comedy is like music, and the way to make the best music is to have skilled musicians in your band. But one of the hardest things for me to do was to access anger. I could do it on stage. But when I did it on film it was hard for me. That probably has to do with the intimacy of film. And my own personal issues with expressing anger. So I had to learn how to do that. It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody. The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves. We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power. A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it. Every good painter paints what he is. Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system. I wanted to be in Jim Carrey comedy movies before I met him. I wanted to be a comedian on Stage 19, yukking it up. God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there? We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier. You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem. Satan, really, is the romantic youth of Jesus re-appearing for a moment. We should see the leadership from the White House setting dates certain for certain goals of achieving greater alliance on alternative and renewable energy sources, but we are not. Although some people think I am a romantic novelist I have always thought of myself as a rather gritty radical historian. There are three classes of men lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath. To care for your patient, not to kill them. You take an oath to do things that are proper in the medical world. Not to administer something outside of a hospital setting that's not even your area. We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English. I have total recall. I remember being born. I remember being in the womb, I remember being inside. Coming out was great. I'm about as big a star as the Baha'i faith has got, which is pretty pathetic. In my family in particular, I think, there was a sense we have to work twice as hard. We are living in 1937, and our universities, I suggest, are not half-way out of the fifteenth century. We have made hardly any changes in our conception of university organization, education, graduation, for a century - for several centuries. I like movies about failing. Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. I like to cook Puerto Rican food. That's what I grew up on: rice, beans, meat, some Italian-American food. I know my way around the kitchen. We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature. If you take any world problem, any issue on the planet, the solution to that problem certainly includes education. In education, the roadblock is the laptop. The lines of poetry, the period of prose, and even the texts of Scripture most frequently recollected and quoted, are those which are felt to be preeminently musical. If you look deep enough you will see music the heart of nature being everywhere music. Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion. Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs. Knowledge slowly builds up what Ignorance in an hour pulls down. Poetry is the key to the hieroglyphics of nature. It's something I never dreamed I'd be doing, making movies. Since I can barely write two books a year the best solution seems to be co-author projects. My goal isn't to get another writer to clone me... it's more to produce a book that shares my vision of positive, fun entertainment. I hate to say this, but I'll repeat it: After death, all we know that you do is stink. In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance. I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good. I cannot imagine having a physical relationship with a woman. I have not done that. But I really love women. Many museums are drawing audiences with art that is ostensibly more entertaining than stuff that just sits and invites contemplation. Interactivity, gizmos, eating, hanging out, things that make noise - all are now the norm, often edging out much else. You can be young without money but you can't be old without it. I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied. There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top. There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning. It is not natural or inevitable that half the world goes hungry that the freedom of markets trumps protection of the planet or that citizens' rights come second to those of corporations. No human being will ever know the Truth, for even if they happen to say it by chance, they would not even known they had done so. The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible. Since turning professional at 18, I have travelled the world playing the game that I love and consider myself a global player. As the World No.1 right now, I wish to be a positive role model and a sportsperson that people respect, and enjoy watching. Environmental protection doesn't happen in a vacuum. You can't separate the impact on the environment from the impact on our families and communities. It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow. Through all of history mankind has ingested psychedelic substances. Those substances exist to put you in touch with spirits beyond yourself, with the creator, with the creative impulse of the planet. I hope to attend it as Japan needs to tell the world the lessons, knowledge and reflections learned from the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima No. 1 power plant. Those minutes that I'm on stage are the best! Being there and looking at the crowd and seeing their faces, hearing them sing the positive words from the songs. The Great Depression, like most other periods of severe unemployment, was produced by government mismanagement rather than by any inherent instability of the private economy. All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on. When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator. If I like myself at this weight, then this is what I'm going to be. I don't have an eating disorder. Natural abilities are like natural plants, that need pruning by study and studies themselves do give forth directions too much at large, except they be bounded in by experience. The episodes all blend together for me, so I don't remember. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning. I always feel I must be such a disappointment to them. When you think about it, the end of the world is a little bit like death: We all know it's going to come eventually, and as we get older, we feel we see the signs more and more distinctly. I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me. I get really frustrated if people don't smile. Pop is a little bit theatrical. That's the whole vibe. That's the point - is that it's great music, great melodies, great hooks. But, on top of it, it's a presentation. There's a showmanship about it. And that's why I wanted to be a pop star. There's an honesty in our family - my kids and I are able to talk about things without me putting the fear of God into them. Say 'no' more than 'yes,' and just make sure you surround yourself with good people. The most watched programme on the BBC, after the news, is probably 'Doctor Who.' What has happened is that science fiction has been subsumed into modern literature. There are grandparents out there who speak Klingon, who are quite capable of holding down a job. No one would think twice now about a parallel universe. Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it. My parents were drawn to the idea that there was space and opportunity in Australia. For the meagre sum of &pound10, you could sail your entire family out to Australia, so that's what my father chose to do. Society has taught us to suppress certain things and not do certain things. It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail. Do you know what the overhead is of the Medicare system? One-point-zero-five percent. Do you know what - private insurance is 30 percent in overhead and profits? Given a choice how I'm going to improve health care, I'm going to take it away from private insurance profits and overhead. Wouldn't you? And that is the reason why this victory is great, because different players have made contributions to the win. There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less. My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see. All the mathematical sciences are founded on relations between physical laws and laws of numbers, so that the aim of exact science is to reduce the problems of nature to the determination of quantities by operations with numbers. God's delays are not God's denials. I'm one of those people who thinks that changing one's hair is the only part of the body that you can change at will. Because at bottom, I'm interested in fear, and in courage and cowardice and these are easier to get at through fiction, where you can enter people's heads. I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments. Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth. He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. We tried not to age, but time had its rage. The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.' As far as my divorce goes, I love my family and I love my wife to death and I just don't know what tomorrow's going to bring. Marilyn Monroe never sold a platinum album. And more people know my music than what I look like. A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. Goodness is beauty in the best estate. Most Americans want health insurance. Our film examines the heroism, courage and prowess of the Soviet submarine force in ways never seen before. Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development. A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults. My dad is a bank president and my mom was an accountant and they didn't think that seeking the life of a freelance writer was very practical, you see. Of course, I was just as determined to do it. People don't really understand, but having people stare, and point, and take pictures, even if it is in a positive framework, is quite isolating there's no two ways about it. You feel a little bit, you know, freakish. Fill you mind with the meaningless stimuli of a world preoccupied with meaningless things, and it will not be easy to feel peace in your heart. We the chefs have a responsibility to learn about the chemical makeup of food! There can be no vulnerability without risk there can be no community without vulnerability there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community. In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour. It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value. Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim. The advocates of abortion on demand falsely assume two things: that women must suffer if the lives of unborn children are legally protected and that women can only attain equality by having the legal option of destroying their innocent offspring in the womb. To enter by reason means to realize the essence through instruction and to believe that all living things share the same true nature, which isn't apparent because it's shrouded by sensation and delusion. The darkest hour in any man's life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it. When you're 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when you're 21 and you've read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they weren't really good. OK, let's be honest. A lot of them were crap. Take the decision in early March to arrest Muqtada al-Sadr. It was made apparently without knowledge or understanding of the nature of his movement or how widespread it is. This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games. My younger sister had kids before I did, and managed to earn a master's degree while raising them as a single parent. Now she's a brilliant second-grade teacher. I'm in awe of her ability to juggle everything and still be a great mother. Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle the win comes from basic blocking and tackling. Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. We started this band as kids, and as time has gone on, we've grown and are learning to accommodate each others' differences. But poetry is my life. Poetry is what matters to me. I made a mistake by being ejected from the presidency. Next time, I will choose a Cabinet which will allow me to be life President. I've tried to reduce profanity but I reduced so much profanity when writing the book that I'm afraid not much could come out. Perhaps we will have to consider it simply as a profane book and hope that the next book will be less profane or perhaps more sacred. The year I was born, 1956, was the peak year for babies being born, and there are more people essentially our age than anybody else. We could crush these new generations if we decided too. Just as the police review their operational tactics, so we in the Home Office will review the powers available to the police. If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint. It was pride that changed angels into devils it is humility that makes men as angels. Politics is the entertainment branch of industry. I support workplace clean air. But a federal ban on smoking would mean that you couldn't smoke in your own home. I don't care what people do in their home. That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to a pertinent answer. Marriage is the mother of the world. It preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches, and heaven itself. Whatever crushes individuality is despotism, by whatever name it may be called and whether it professes to be enforcing the will of God or the injunctions of men. Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right? Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Diligent as one must be in learning, one must be as diligent in forgetting otherwise the process is one of pedantry, not culture. What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying. The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. A library implies an act of faith. The Old Testament is my favourite science fantasy reading. Hydraulic fracturing requires massive amounts of water. Disposing of the toxic wastewater, as well as accidental spills, can contaminate drinking water and harm human health. I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money. In the 'Garnethill' trilogy, people always forget that Maureen O'Donnell's dad was a journalist and she did art history at uni and her brother did law, but no-one ever thinks they're middle-class - they're just working class because they speak with accents. Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool. I get curious about new things. My real strength is going into a field that has not been investigated before, and finding new approaches to it. ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked. Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? A man growing old becomes a child again. My dad takes care of me as a manager and as a dad. That's his job, you know, to take care of me. He has my best interests at heart. Early on the next morning we reached Kansas, about five hundred miles from the mouth of the Missouri. I think anyone about to leave one job not surprisingly would use their knowledge, their experience, their skills drawn from their previous positions to try and earn a living in the future. That's what happens in all interviews. This revolution, the information revoultion, is a revolution of free energy as well, but of another kind: free intellectual energy. It's very crude today, yet our Macintosh computer takes less power than a 100-watt bulb to run it and it can save you hours a day. What will it be able to do ten or 20 years from now, or 50 years from now? The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man. I was with a famous comedian when a young fan walked up and asked for an autograph. The comedian blew him off. I'll never forget the look on the young boy's face. He was devastated. The completely solitary self: that's where poetry comes from, and it gets isolated by crisis, and those crises are often very intimate also. Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving. And I understand that, I testified in closed hearings over eight years because there are intelligence matters, there are sensitive matters that should not be held in a public hearing. It is the nature, and the advantage, of strong people that they can bring out the crucial questions and form a clear opinion about them. The weak always have to decide between alternatives that are not their own. And as I ask for your forgiveness, I also ask for your support to keep all things in perspective and keep all things in proportion. The good of nine years versus the bad. There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats. A molecular manufacturing technology will let us build molecular surgical tools, and those tools will, for the first time, let us directly address the problems at the very root level. There is a consensus of willing leaders from both parties coalescing around the right way forward in health care. Reform should address government-imposed inequities and barriers to true choice and competition. France is delighted at this new opportunity to show the world that when one has the will one can succeed in joining peoples who have been brought close by history. One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king. More particularly, having a largely German-oriented education has made me very responsive to 19th-century German literature. After the chaos and carnage of September 11th, it is not enough to serve our enemies with legal papers. Me and my friend Ioan Gruffudd are like chalk and cheese when it comes to clothes. He lives for his clothes and has an amazing wardrobe. If we're going out I'll turn up at his house and say, 'I haven't got anything to wear,' and he'll tut and sigh and then lend me something swanky. The antagonisms between men and women express themselves in the most delicate phase of their life together - in their sexual relationship. Unless we make education a priority, an entire generation of Americans could miss out on the American dream. London changes because of money. It's real estate. If they can build some offices or expensive apartments they will, it's money that changes everything in a city. I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person and stand up and be a good man. A lot of the principals they taught me still affect how I act sometimes and it's 30 years later. The very contradictions in my life are in some ways signs of God's mercy to me. The secret to true happiness is a combination of low expectations and insensitivity. And some of what we're doing in Government even now, some of the welfare reform programs that are helping lone mothers come into work are based on things that were very new under the Labour Government in the eighties. When I was a kid, I loved 'The Curse of Frankenstein,' 'The Creeping Unknown,' 'X: The Unknown.' I love 'Forbidden Planet,' 'The Thing from Another World.' They were science fiction/horror movies, generally. A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers. I don't believe in life after death. But I do believe in some grinding destiny that watches over us on earth. If I didn't, the safety valve would give and the boiler would explode. My mom was a '70s mom. She paved a road that no one had yet walked. If you have to fight a crowd of boys, it's best to go for the biggest one. That way you won't have to fight them all. The others will see that you mean business and you will win their respect. The forgotten man... He works, he votes, generally he prays, but his chief business in life is to pay. It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people. We're giving our freedoms away. The American experiment was about freedom. Freedom to be stupid, freedom to fail, freedom to succeed. Government's role should be only to keep the playing field level, and to work hand in hand with business on issues such as employment. But beyond this, to as great an extent as possible, it should get the hell out of the way. Secure our borders first. Let us know and let us make sure the American people know that we're taking care of the important business of dealing with the illegal immigration into this country. You cannot begin to address the concerns of the people who are already here unless and until you have made certain that no more are coming in behind them. I wanted to be a teacher. If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that? 'Friends' was an education in intelligent comedic banter in intelligent vernacular. It was an education in scene study. It was an education in group dynamic. I came out of there with a master's degree in comedy. All I do is play music and golf - which one do you want me to give up? I have always said I will be in politics to serve as best as I can and it will take me wherever it will take me. The computer offers another kind of creativity. You cannot ignore the creativity that computer technology can bring. But you need to be able to move between those two different worlds. The U.S. - E.U. economic relationship dwarfs America's economic ties with China. Youth is the trustee of prosperity. Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language. Who is there that ever receives a gift and tries to make bargains about it? Let us, then, return thanks for what He has bestowed on us. Who can tell whether, if we had had a larger share of ability or stronger health, we should not have possessed them to our destruction. God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. People have said I'm the candidate of anger. Well, we have a right to be angry. We lost 3 million jobs. We lost our place as the moral leader of the world. I think it's really, really important to mix it up as an actor, to try to get as much kind of varied experience as you can, not only for your own personal growth as an actor but for the audience to keep them guessing about what you're going to do. Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life. The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny. Let's say a Soviet exchange student back in the '70s would go back and tell the KGB about people and places and things that he'd seen and done and been involved with. This is not really espionage there's no betrayal of trust. My mom has a tape from when I was, like, 2 years old, talking with my grandma, telling her a story that's really elaborate about werewolves and wolves. I love painting and music, of course. I don't know nearly as much about them as I know about poetry. I've certainly been influenced by fiction. I was overwhelmed by War and Peace when I read it, and I didn't read it until I was in my late 20s. Smile at a stranger. See what happens. I like shows that have some level of intelligence to them. When it's not as predictable, when you don't know what's coming at you. Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree. I'm lucky, I don't like sweets, not even chocolate. Liberty: One of Imagination's most precious possessions. I thought we were gonna open up the world of poetry and music to all kinds of things, and yet, I can't really think of anyone who's done anything like it since. You can work really hard, but if you're not training in the right way you're not going to improve and get to the level that you want to. I have a lot of sympathy for young people because I realize how disturbed I was. How would I deal with life in the future? What would I do for a living? Very often, I don't make it through moments of recording because it is genuinely funny and absolutely ridiculous that a 60-year-old grown man is making these noises. I've studied all my musical life, but learning is only good if you do something constructive with it. I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves. I would expect illegal alien parents to take care of their children. If it means the kids go back home with them, that's what happens. If it means there are legal relatives in the United States that can take care of them, that can happen to. But I believe it's the parents responsibility to take care of the kids. I have a lot of repression. So repression is what I make movies about. Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone. Death solves all problems - no man, no problem. My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room, and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce, some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years. To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something. Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart. A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain. Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man. Mediocre men often have the most acquired knowledge. A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea. Working moms commonly testify that they feel guilty when they are away from their children and guilty when they are not at their jobs. Devoted fathers certainly miss their children deeply, but it does not seem to be with the same gnawing, primal anxiety that often afflicts women. I'll put it frankly - Britain has more influence in China than Norway or Switzerland, with all respect for the other countries. When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself. A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. I am for a clear distinction between public and private life. I believe private matters should be regulated in private and I have asked those close to me to respect this. I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it. The greatest revolution in our generation is that of human beings, who by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives. Of course, Third World leaders love you. By ascribing third world ills to First World sins, you absolve them of blame for their countries' failure to advance. It is tragic that people who are incarcerated are unable to vote. They are probably the most important voices to listen to because they can tell us what we need to change. The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold. Anybody who thinks that getting a communication from a voter in your district is spam - that guy is pork. Roast pork unless he changes his point of view. It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead. As far as I'm aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that there's a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case. Beauty is a short-lived tyranny. Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed. I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives. Patriotism was a living fire of unquestioned belief and purpose. I think about baseball when I wake up in the morning. I think about it all day and I dream about it at night. The only time I don't think about it is when I'm playing it. To play June, I had an immediate connect with her background and culture. We grew up with the same religion and shared a lot of the same values of family and spirituality. But I was really so inspired by what a modern woman she was. Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. There are no rules for friendship. It must be left to itself. We cannot force it any more than love. In the past week it has become clear that the vote on the final healthcare bill will be very close. I take this vote with the utmost seriousness. I am quite aware of the historic fight that has lasted the better part of the last century to bring America in line with other modern democracies in providing single payer health care. What is a movie star? It is an illusion. It was everything I ever wanted to be, but it became a kind of shell, non? It was what made me famous and got me women. But it wasn't real. A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life. I think steak is the ultimate comfort food, and if you're going out for one, that isn't the time to scrimp on calories or quality. I always come from truth. A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society. Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness. Golf is game of respect and sportsmanship we have to respect its traditions and its rules. There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. I believe in God, only I spell it Nature. As regards the individual nature, woman is defective and misbegotten, for the active power of the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex while the production of a woman comes from defect in the active power. I just see too many people retire and say, 'I'm going to take off, travel, spend time with my family' and they are just miserable. They end up dying. People who work and stay active, and like what they are doing, live longer. You know, I start with the assumption that -or with, with the belief that this president has to succeed. We all have an enormous amount of capital invested in his success. His success is the country's success. He didn't come out of my belly, but my God, I've made his bones, because I've attended to every meal, and how he sleeps, and the fact that he swims like a fish because I took him to the ocean. I'm so proud of all those things. But he is my biggest pride. The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way you can make a man trustworthy is to trust him and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him. A nation devoid of art and artists cannot have a full existence. All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together. Tyler Perry's brand is faith, family and this whole thing that I've built, while my company, 34th Street Films, is like Disney's Touchstone. We can do anything. People don't know what to expect from me yet. We cannot expect that all nations will adopt like systems, for conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth. Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other. Hamas is a terrorist organization dedicated to annihilating the Jewish state. It runs a theocratic totalitarian state in Gaza, with no individual liberty, and no freedom of speech or press. By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual. The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. There are a lot of conservative people, a lot of moderate people, Republicans, Democrats, in Hollywood. It is just that the conservative people by the nature of the word itself play closer to the vest. They do not go around hot dogging it. Men are just as sensitive, and in some ways more sensitive, than women are. On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that. Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him. The moment of inspiration can come from memory, or language, or the imagination, or experience - anything that makes an impression forcibly enough for language to form. Down the road, I'll probably have a kid or two or three. And there will probably be political events or spiritual things to comment on, and humor. The reality is that the special interest groups that have lobbied against Free Choice Vouchers object to any measure that would empower employees to have a say in their health benefits because it begins to erode their power in the current health care system. One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy. Age steals away all things, even the mind. Delaware State began as a school bent on service - teaching education, social services and nursing. They can rule the world while they can persuade us our pain belongs in some order is death by famine worse than death by suicide, than a life of famine and suicide...? There aren't a lot of ironclad rules of family life, but here's one: No matter how much your parents deny it - and here's betting they deny it a lot - they have a favorite child. And if you're a parent, so do you. Love and war are the same thing, and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the other. In the whole round of human affairs little is so fatal to peace as misunderstanding. The first glass is for myself, the second for my friends, the third for good humor, and the forth for my enemies. A fulfilling life is different to each person. You have to acknowledge your dreams, and not just wait for life to happen, and opportunities to come knocking at your door. Even when I was a kid, I had a good thing with kids. To this day, if I go to a birthday party with one of my kids, I swear to you, I am so much happier hanging out with my kids and their friends than talking to the grown-ups. Man is only great when he acts from passion. A great many men's gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter. The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are. What's more important than who's going to be the first black manager is who's going to be the first black sports editor of the New York Times. Jet was very busy. I've been inspired by a lot of his movies. Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women. Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. Together with a team of financial and legal experts I have spent months exploring all possible alternatives to bankruptcy but to no avail. The main thing I am interested in is my experience as a teacher. Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters. If you think of paying court to the men in power, your eternal ruin is assured. I was obsessed with being rich and famous. The super power that I would choose would be compassion. Because that's what I think it takes to make it through life-an understanding, a give and take. It saves an awful lot of resentment. I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone. Mothers are the necessity of invention. Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness, which this world affords. I don't mean being famous is a perk, because one knows that it's not necessarily a perk, but there are certain perks to being well-known and respected in one's field. Public perks. Like, I don't know, general friendliness and willingness to please, just to point out two. The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games. Prosperity is the best protector of principle. For people to understand me when I travel, I speak with my hands. I am grateful that I didn't let fear get the best of me. It only holds you back from possibilities and greatness. My college, Fitzwilliam, was pretty good but unfashionable and I lived in digs so I was not part of the cloistered 'old college' environment, which frankly was a bit intimidating. But I worked hard and settled in by exploring politics and girls. This nation is notorious for its ability to make or fake anything cheaply. 'Made-in-China' goods now fill homes around the world. But our giant country has a small problem. We can't manufacture the happiness of our people. You have to be smart. The easy days are over. With science fiction I think we are preparing ourselves for contact with them, whoever they may be. Entertainment came out of this thing called a television, and it was gray. Most of the films that we saw at the cinema were black and white. It was a gray world. And music somehow was in color. The truth is, I don't have any problem with journalists - I count some of them as friends - also some of my heroes are journalists, I'm a big fan of Robert Fisk - great people or crazy people who are prepared to stand up for what's right. I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt. Where you are in consciousness has everything to do with what you see in experience. If the money's right, I'll do a film. A female piano player is always pretty cool to me. I'd always wanted the show to be more reality based science fiction, something along the lines of The Day the Earth Stood Still, which I consider to be the classic science fiction film. Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb. Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life. I was always led to believe you should take care of yourself, trust in your abilities and you're the author of your own destiny. I was for civil unions and believed strongly that the flow of benefits and protections that would be provided in a civil union for same-sex couples, the decisions that have to be made, when health hardships are faced, when economic hardships are faced, I wanted all of those protections. I never strayed from them. First and foremost I am a drummer. After that, I'm other things... But I didn't play drums to make money. The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour. It's more like Christmas, you know, when you get a shot in that looks great and it's exactly what you want. It's a great feeling, and there's nothing like it. A successful marriage isn't necessarily one that lasts until you're dead. I think the materialist conception of history is valid. He's got an overall flair for the game. It looks to me like he really loves what he does and he can't wait to get up in the morning, go hit some balls and go play. Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't willing to. I was made to believe there was a plan in place for ending Donald's previous marriage. I pulled away because I wanted to allow him the time to deal with his wife. People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware. Adultery - which is the only grounds for divorce in New York - is not grounds for divorce in California. As a matter of fact, adultery in Southern California is grounds for marriage. Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals. Permanent superiority has never been realized by any nation in history. After the rise comes the fall. The new strategy is to teach intelligent design without calling it intelligent design. The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef love, like being enlivened with champagne. Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent. Well, I think that California has had a history of always spending more money than it takes in. There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age. I have tried to be a leader. I have tried in my role of being one of the first women at Google, let alone the first woman to have a baby, to really try to set the tone that this is a great place to work for diversity reasons. After all, enforced national bilingualism in this country isn't mere policy. It has attained the status of a religion. It's a dogma which one is supposed to accept without question. I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person. Hold fast to youth and beauty. Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die. Doubt is part of all religion. All the religious thinkers were doubters. Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis. All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible. A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent. We believe it wrong ever to take a dollar from a free citizen without a very necessary public purpose, because each such taking diminishes the freedom to spend that dollar as its owner would prefer. What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. In the '80s, I was putting out an album virtually every year, I think mostly based on fear - that if I didn't, people would soon forget about me. You find happiness where you find it. We must not, however, be like the leaders of the great romantic revolt who, in their eagerness to get rid of the husk of convention, disregarded also the humane aspiration. It's art that pushes against psychological and social expectations, that tries to transform decay into something generative, that is replicative in a baroque way, that isn't about progress, and wants to - as Walt Whitman put it - 'contain multitudes.' Women today are dealing with both their independence and also the fact that their lives are built around finding and satisfying the romantic models we grew up with. We're not all equal, it's simply not true. That isn't science. We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life. After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union. The more the history of the World War and what led up to it is studied, the more clearly those tragic years become revealed as a vast collapse of civilization. It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it. We live trapped, between the churned-up and examined past and a future that waits for our work. I know some actors feel classes are not cool or they create negative public relations, but I continue to crave the story just beyond my reach. To grasp that brass ring I need to continue to fine-tune my talents. The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. I'm pretty content with what I have, but the one thing that I don't have is something like the iPod - but PC-based. I think that would be cool. I have learned the art of filling in your lines with your visuals and your movies and your imagination. The right of each individual in any relation to secure to himself the full benefits of his intelligence, his capacity, his industry and skill are among the inalienable inheritances of humanity. Ninety percent of all music is always crap, and when too many people decide they're going to have guitar bands, then ninety percent of them are going to be crap. It's just a given law. Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything. I've thought for the last decade or so, the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment, pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages, and had the ability to make it all funny, entertaining, and pertinent. Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death. Women have not yet realized the cowardice that resides, for if they should decide to do so, they would be able to fight you until death and to prove that I speak the truth, amongst so many women, I will be the first to act, setting an example for them to follow. Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success. No woman marries for money they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first. When I was a kid, I thought movie stars were women and men who were in these great films that we still look at now. But I don't think there are too many films coming out these days that we're going to look at in the future and say, 'This is one of the great ones.' How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith which today we tell as fables. My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em. There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine! I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised. If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better. And that makes you so happy. Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul. In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth. During last night's debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other some political experts think that they may end up running together. In fact Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage. Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself. I believe you'll develop speed via strength work which includes hill running, either repeats, or running hilly courses as the Kenyans do on a steady basis. For most women, including women who want to have children, contraception is not an option it is a basic health care necessity. My dad was good with actions. Power is not alluring to pure minds. The war on terror, I believe, will be waged by effective intelligence and police work and cruise missiles. The danger of having the military take over intelligence is that the military has a very different perspective on the world. In the car and in front of the camera I tend to be very calm but behind the scenes I can get fired up and passionate, I just don't see the need to shout my mouth off in public. Politics are for foreigners with their endless wrongs and paltry rights. Politics are a lousy way to get things done. Politics are, like God's infinite mercy, a last resort. My death, taking the light from my eyes, gives back to the day the purity which they soiled. Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth. Automation and technology would be a great boon if it were creative, if there were more leisure, more opportunity to engage in raising a family, providing guidance to the young, all the stuff we say we need. America will work if we're all in it together. It'll work when there's a shared sense of destiny. It can be done! Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs. If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher. It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy. After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money. The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar. Well - I started writing - probably in the early 60s and by say '65-'66 I had read most of the poetry that had been published - certainly in the 20 years prior to that. I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants. And let's be clear: It's not enough just to limit ads for foods that aren't healthy. It's also going to be critical to increase marketing for foods that are healthy. I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get. I don't travel anywhere without the PS3 and XBox. There's nothing better to do on long bus trips while on tour. Before the BBC, I joined the Navy in order to travel. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth. Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad. This is the most intimate relationship between literature and its readers: they treat the text as a part of themselves, as a possession. We all have roles in life. I'm a dad, a husband, this and that, but basically I only feel justified in being alive when I'm on the stage. Our whole family assembles in Chicago at Christmas and usually in Aspen in the summer. I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too. I'm not buddy-buddy with the players. If they need a buddy, let them buy a dog. Well I think in a marriage you have to be honest and ask yourself, you know, what is my role? What is my responsibility? Iran is not a make-believe country. It is a real country populated by some 75 million people - real people including, I daresay, a majority who are philosophically and by education inclined toward the modern, secular world, and particularly American values. There are two insults no human being will endure: that he has no sense of humor, and that he has never known trouble. I think it's sad to me that I had to make a decision to not play the game that I feel like I'm best at and that I love. But if it was just about the game itself, I'd be there in a heartbeat. But that's not how the real world works. Change of weather is the discourse of fools. Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike. The minute health care becomes a huge, unwieldy, expensive government bureaucracy it's a permanent feature of life and there's nothing anyone can do about it. Very likely education does not make very much difference. We sit in a room for months trying to think of funny things. But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool. Making movies was more a reaction to not being chosen for sports. Other kids were out there playing at whatever I was off making something blow up and filming it, or making a mould of my sister's head using alginating plaster. There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. What is missing from today's dialogue is the effect autism is having on families, our society and what the unknown factors are. The 300lb. gorilla in the room is that our children with autism today will soon become adults with autism. Man is not free unless government is limited. Chum was a British boy's weekly which, at the end of the year was bound into a single huge book and the following Christmas parents bought it as Christmas presents for male children. I think kids ought to travel. I think it's very good to carry kids around. It's good for them. Of course it's tough on the parents. You are cruising along, and then technology changes. You have to adapt. We also very importantly recommend continued growth in the Army and the Marine Corps end strength. Riches and the things that are necessary in life are not evil in themselves. And all of us face cares and troubles in this life. The sin comes in the time and energy we spend in pursuing these things, at the expense of neglecting Christ. The people I used to have around me from Nashville was showing love to the Cash Money clique on the strength of Buck trying to make it making sure Buck gets to where he gots to go. If you choose not to pursue your dreams, you'll still be a part of a dream - only it will be someone else's. My number one goal was not getting 'A's' - and I proved it. I was a 'C' student. You have to be ready to learn. If you're not interesting in learning, it doesn't work. As I grew older and wanted to learn and desperately wanted inside information, learning was a lot easier. I wouldn't like to be in movies. Movie people are strange. They live a different life than musicians do. I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun. These days, you have the option of staying home, blogging in your underwear, and not having your words mangled. I think I like the direction things are headed. I'm very silly as a person, but quality silliness on-screen has more of an art to it. Harrison Ford, whom I was in 'Morning Glory' with, has mastered that dry funny better than anyone. Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business. Also, it is interesting that developing countries, with China and India perhaps in the lead, where the future of the global environment will be decided are now on board with the case for sustainable development. I am very honored for all the distinctions and accolades, but what I am most sensitive to is my clientele and the fact they are pleased with my food and my restaurants. Of all the species of literary composition, perhaps biography is the most delightful. The attention concentrated on one individual gives a unity to the materials of which it is composed, which is wanting in general history. I feel like every project I've ever done has had music involved in it somehow. I serve a higher power, Jesus Christ. I make no apologies in saying that. It looks to me to be obvious that the whole world cannot eat an American diet. My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength. I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love. Good policy makes good politics and what I've done has been good politics. I have great people, smart people that are around me and we love the challenge. I guess it's like climbing a mountain or building a building. It's a challenge but you love every challenge that it brings or presents itself. The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me. Internet mailing lists are like Fox television shows. They have really cool previews, and they get you all excited about them, but they just don't live up to their promises. I think it's always funny when somebody thinks you're going to do something super sexy and then you don't. What I like to do is just make good music, good movies, hopefully perform a good show full of energy and just have some fun. My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth. We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often. Have you ever watched someone become American? Last week, at a national citizenship conference I organize, thirty immigrants from 17 countries swore an oath and became citizens of the United States. It was a stirring experience for the hundreds of people in the room. I've made movies that cost less than one car chase. I sang a song at my sister's wedding. My mother forced me into that, too. But that one felt all right. But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things. What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change. Learning gives us a fuller conviction of the imperfections of our nature which one would think, might dispose us to modesty. I can install toilets. I know all about the wax ring. I can tile floors. I'm learning how to do basic wiring. Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness. A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, 'darkness' on the walls of his cell. Although the troops have struck us, we throw it all behind and are glad to meet you in peace and friendship. Life should be great rather than long. In America, I would say New York and New Orleans are the two most interesting food towns. In New Orleans, they don't have a bad deli. There's no mediocrity accepted. For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something. All the perplexities, confusion and distress in America arise, not from defects in their Constitution or Confederation, not from want of honor or virtue, so much as from the downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit and circulation. Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice. All of my children are ideologically and politically in sync with me, they all have authentic Christian faith. It's something I'm very grateful for. The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us. Real riches are the riches possessed inside. If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are. Country fans need to support country music by buying albums and concert tickets for traditional artists or the music will just fade away. And that would be really sad. The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool. I hope to bring people to God with my songs. At times, we were forced to go through a history of dependence, unable to determine our own destiny. But today, we are at the threshold of a new turning point. Thus, it was to seek true civilization and true justice for all the peoples of the world, and to view this as the destruction of personal freedom and respect is to be assailed by the hatred and emotion of war, and to make hasty judgments. I did an album a long time ago called 'Replicas,' which was entirely science-fiction driven, or science-fantasy. Since then it's been a song here, a song there. It's not really a constant theme. I've written far more about my problems with religion, with God and all that. Fathers in today's modern families can be so many things. I always wanted to shave. It is a very natural process. For my birthday I got a lot of shaving stuff. Vegetarianism is a link to perfection and peace. The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young. Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another. I also try to eat as much raw food and clean food as possible. It was only when I finished the course and left my graduation diploma on the bus that I realised I'd become an actor. You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.' I'm not sure I can say there is a clean line between me as an individual and me as a lawyer. But does that mean that war and violence are inevitable? I would argue not because we have also evolved this amazingly sophisticated intellect, and we are capable of controlling our innate behavior a lot of the time. I can talk to my dad like he's my manager, and put 'Dad' on the back burner. We've been doing it since I was 13. When I talk about the importance of the institution of marriage, I think of the commitment and the significance of standing in front of those closest to you and promising fidelity to your partner 'til death do you part.' The religious superstitions of women perpetuate their bondage more than all other adverse influences. Everybody experiences far more than he understands. Yet it is experience, rather than understanding, that influences behavior. I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho III. That was a walk in the park compared to a romantic comedy. I cook a little bit. I make a Hungarian dish called chicken paprikash that's out of this world. I'll give a heads-up to all of your readers that it doesn't have to be between Thai and Mexican every night. Toss some Hungarian in every once in a while. You will not be sorry. Good, solid peasant food. I'm still at the beginning of my career. It's all a little new, and I'm still learning as I go. I don't intend to simply go away and write my plays and be a good boy. I intend to remain an independent and political intelligence in my own right. Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values. My dad was diagnosed with cancer, so we ended up burying him a year to the day that he was diagnosed. I'm concentrating on the positive, on all the wonderful things I'm doing now. Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. His smile is like the silver plate on a coffin. I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business. I can live for two months on a good compliment. Love makes a subtle man out of a crude one, it gives eloquence to the mute, it gives courage the cowardly and makes the idle quick and sharp. In New York I pretty much live in diners - I order French Fries, Diet Coke floats and lots of coffee. When you have put all your faith in man and continue to be disappointed, don't you hope there is something out of there that is not of human element? It's really kind of cool to have solar panels on your roof. If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first. What constitutes a real, live human being is more of a mystery than ever these days, and men each one of whom is a valuable, unique experiment on the part of nature are shot down wholesale. The rewards of virtue alone abide secure. I was always concerned with writing to my age at a particular moment. That was the way I would keep faith with the audience that supported me as I went along. If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known. I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace. He's computerized, but I won't let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car. Success and failure are greatly overrated. But failure gives you a whole lot more to talk about. Trust not too much to appearances. It's a funny thing: You want so badly for people to see what you do - you're proud of it - and I like the effect that movies have on people. But the attention can also make me uncomfortable. From time to time, I'll look back through the personal journals I've scribbled in throughout my life, the keepers of my raw thoughts and emotions. The words poured forth after my dad died, when I went through a divorce, and after I was diagnosed with breast cancer. There are so many what-ifs scribbled on those pages. If God treats you well by teaching you a disastrous lesson, you never forget it. The historical development of the work of anthropologists seems to single out clearly a domain of knowledge that heretofore has not been treated by any other science. If you're feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because you're different. In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result. Music and silence combine strongly because music is done with silence, and silence is full of music. Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. It takes no imagination to live within your means. One of the major goals of health insurance reform is to bring down the cost. It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction. I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through. The question of religion was a matter for each individual's conscience, and in a great many cases was the outcome of birth or residence in a certain geographical area. Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do. Fear is the mother of morality. No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country. I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring. You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career. Freedom of the press is guaranteed only to those who own one. Aging gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. Don't worry girls, look like a wreck, that's the way it goes. When a father, absent during the day, returns home at six, his children receive only his temperament, not his teaching. While I enjoy spending time in L.A., Britain is my home. Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom. Well, first of all, making films is a collaborative process. You need people. You need people you trust and love and who are your friends. People you can work with. I'm very romantic. I've emptied flower shops. Capitalism is using its money we socialists throw it away. I didn't have a boyfriend until I was 16, and he was eight years older. My father was furious about this 24-year-old, and I had to hide the relationship. I like progress but I hate change. In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation. I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good - work on technique or something like that. I brought a lot of my own pieces of clothes to the design room when I first met with the design team just so they could see what my style was like. To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter. Women are not making it to the top. A hundred and ninety heads of state nine are women. Of all the people in parliament in the world, thirteen per cent are women. In the corporate sector, women at the top - C-level jobs, board seats - tops out at fifteen, sixteen per cent. Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad. Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm really obsessive about anything dealing with my health. Dallas is a positive, get-it done city. Marriage is another trap. If you are someone who likes independence, it's another stamp against that. And you have to swear to fidelity. Travel, instead of broadening the mind, often merely lengthens the conversation. Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents. Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail. We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier. There is nothing better than being a parent. It is the most challenging job one could ever ask for. I love being a mom and I love being a friend to my children as well. Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream. If somebody tells me I'm famous I say, 'I'm not.' I can't see myself as famous and I don't think I'll ever call myself famous. I definitely don't feel famous. I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world. My different personalities leave me in peace now. For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. In dreams begins responsibility. It is not the body's posture, but the heart's attitude that counts when we pray. Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit. The biggest lesson I learned from Vietnam is not to trust our own government statements. I had no idea until then that you could not rely on them. The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated. But I'm blessed to work with great people. I collaborate with brilliant stylists both here and in Paris. I work with a great design team. I really allow everyone to bring their ideas. I almost rely on them to inspire me. War is not the answer, because only love can conquer hate. I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in. Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a movable body. Whether you're winning or losing, it is important to always be yourself. You can't change because of the circumstances around you. My music, my songs are 100 percent inspired by girl power. My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do. If you say, I'm for equal pay, that's a reform. But if you say. I'm a feminist, that's a transformation of society. It's much easier for me to make major life, multi-million dollar decisions, than it is to decide on a carpet for my front porch. That's the truth. I think the pop chart today is entirely market-driven. And it has nothing to do with public taste. And it has nothing to do with moving music forward. It's simply a market chart. I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion. Well, there are about 10 million children that aren't covered by health insurance. About 3 million qualify for Medicaid but don't get it, so we're going to reach out and bring more of those kids into the Medicaid program. For centuries we have been living in the society where not laws but people ruled, where there was no legal state. We loved with a love that was more than love. If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher. I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended. One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken. I'm an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can. I don't think the government is out to get me or help someone else get me but it wouldn't surprise me if they were out to sell me something or help someone else sell me something. I mean, why else would the Census Bureau want to know my telephone number? Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. Who made these laws? That's what I want to know. So that's why I wear two crosses now. I call it double cross. I believe in God-not religion. You don't have to twist my arm to work. The employee is regarded by the employer merely in the light of his value as an operative. His productive capacity alone is taken into account. My dad? He died when I was 19, which is a bad time for your dad to die, because there's an awful lot of things you have to resolve with your parents past your teens if you've been a difficult teenager. The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death. As to those who hoard gold and silver and spend it not in God's path, give them, then, the tidings of a painful agony: on a day when these things shall be heated in hell-fire, and their foreheads, and their sides, and their backs shall be branded therewith. Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future. Almost all of our relationships begin and most of them continue as forms of mutual exploitation, a mental or physical barter, to be terminated when one or both parties run out of goods. I made a supreme effort not to do that thing that parents do, which is to bore people without children to death by going on and on about how funny their children are, so there's none of that hopefully. By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual. I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys. I've seen the greatest actors in the world, transcendent talents, who can't find a home. We don't thrive on military acts. We do them because we have to, and thank God we are efficient. Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it. For me, the most difficult thing is that I am learning melodies on guitar from some songs whose melodies were not meant to be played on guitar. Ever. They were intended mostly for keyboards or melodic percussion. There are only two races on this planet - the intelligent and the stupid. Your personality as the prime minister feeds through to what you emphasise, and what you don't, how you'll handle a situation - whether you've got the combination of intelligence or instincts to adapt and to make good decisions. The secret to being a writer is that you have to write. It's not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author. You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work. Yeah, but there's nobody who represents romance to me like Cary Grant. The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt. My new movie, Fools Rush In, is a romantic comedy and the girl I play in that is very warm, very sweet. I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world. Even if there are a lot women in films, there are few who are lesbians, that people know about. After doing 'Firefly' and moving on, I always wanted to be part of a series again. I love doing films, too, but there's just something special about being part of the team and feeling like you're actually a part of the family, and I always look to re-create that. I've been really enjoying writing articles and writing music and music for movies. The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school. The beginning of wisdom is to desire it. The course of true love never did run smooth. The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood. It will give them the opportunity to show themselves worthy of the respect and friendship of peace-loving nations, and in time, to take an honorable place among members of the United Nations. In the melting pot that is America, inclusive trumps exclusive. Whether it's single women, young adults, or minorities, alienating the rapidly growing voting blocs is not smart politics. The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined. I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything. Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living. I had just turned 10-years-old when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and plunged America into World War II. Loss of hope rather than loss of life is what decides the issues of war. But helplessness induces hopelessness. But as a practical matter, Detroit's the sports city in the country. I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it. Education brings about opportunity, and in turn inspiration. I am sure that in Canada the people appreciate this principle, and the general intelligence which prevails over that country is such that I am sure there is no danger of a reactionary policy ever finding a response in the hearts of any considerable number of our people. I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess. The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement. I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty. I also work out because I have scoliosis. I have to maintain certain strength in my core. Tell the truth and shame the devil. You are cruising along, and then technology changes. You have to adapt. When I was elected President nobody asked me to negotiate between Israel and Egypt. It was not even a question raised in my campaign. But I felt that one of the reasons that I was elected President was to try to bring peace to the Holy Land. Giving birth was the most amazing thing I've ever done. I'd been living in a Third World country, and I said, 'I'm going to just squat behind a tree.' I basically did that but in a chair in my living room. I didn't want a sterile hospital room. I didn't want doctors. I had a midwife. For centuries we have been living in the society where not laws but people ruled, where there was no legal state. I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me, from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy. I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant. I don't believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But it's really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase. Some of us learned in a school of philosophy which taught that all was for the common good and nothing for oneself and have never, in any case, regarded the pursuit of happiness as anything other than an aberration of the human spirit. It has been a privilege to pursue knowledge for its own sake and to see how it might help mankind in more practical ways. For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped. Many Japanese painters and calligraphers would change their names intentionally to keep their relationship to the art always fresh. This way, others' expectations can be avoided. Judge Roberts has assured me personally that he has a healthy respect for precedent and the hard-won rights of Americans. Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. Man maintains his balance, poise, and sense of security only as he is moving forward. I don't feel, finally, that my politics are entirely determined by the fact that I'm a gay man. You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job. People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me. In almost every country there are elements of opinion which would welcome such a conclusion because they wish to return to the politics of the balance of power, unrestricted and unregulated armaments, international anarchy, and preparation for war. Love is being stupid together. The Bee Gees, to us, was the three brothers. In Maurice's name, we would respect that and not be the Bee Gees anymore. I'm left handed, but my dad taught me to play guitar right-handed. I want to establish a wide range and play all kinds of parts. It's that sort of acting career I really respect. I like to turn a sharp left from whatever I've done before because that keeps me awake. That's why I want to be an actor - I don't want to play endless variations on one character. I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good. I'd like to be a wounded leading man. Instead of a pillar of strength, I'd be the scared one. I wanted my dad to be proud of me, and I fell into acting because there wasn't anything else I could do, and in it I found a discipline that I wanted to keep coming back to, that I love and I learn about every day. Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile. You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid. The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well. Behind all their personal vanity, women themselves always have an impersonal contempt for woman. My great religion is a belief in the blood, the flesh, as being wiser than the intellect. We can go wrong in our minds. But what our blood feels and believes and says, is always true. The intellect is only a bit and a bridle. Originally, I was in both software and in online computing. The first innovation really was sort of at that time that we're marrying the telephone and the computer so that people wouldn't have to drive to the computer center. We didn't have $1,000 computers. Power is action the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established. Many corporate leaders and employees have the right intentions, but it can be overwhelming when you consider how everything is affected from leadership styles, to organizational structure, to employee engagement, to customer service an marketplace. The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. This relationship is going to be built on trust. I blend my green drink every morning. I also fix my son a full-on American breakfast with bacon and toast. That is the returning to God which in reality is never concluded on earth but yet leaves behind in the soul a divine home sickness, which never again ceases. I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion. Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline. And I know that the younger generation is doing things that are so ingenious. And for them it's not a matter of a political belief or an environmental stance. It's really just common sense. The Vietnam War required us to emphasize the national interest rather than abstract principles. What President Nixon and I tried to do was unnatural. And that is why we didn't make it. I am 54 and age is slowly writing itself on my face. I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy. Space or science fiction has become a dialect for our time. Though there might not be any easy answers to the problem of poverty, its most compelling scribes do not resign themselves to representation solely for the sake of those age-old verities of truth and beauty. I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning. I have a lot of amazing women, you know, women in my life who have been an example for me of what not to do. I'm eating a lot of organic proteins and vegetables! Maintaining a healthy, balanced diet is my No. 1 priority because I'm nursing my daughter. The wise does at once what the fool does at last. There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home. The Marshall Plan was after destruction, and the U.S. came to our help and obviously this was very, very important for the future of Europe. I think now we have all the capabilities of doing it on our own and, in a sense, we have to. Those who wish well to the State ought to choose to places of trust men of inward principle, justified by exemplary conversation. Millions of Americans find community, comfort and support in their faith. More Americans own their home than ever before. Nearly 70 percent of American's are homeowners. So it is a good time for us to asses the positive impacts of homeownership on families, communities and on the nation's economy. I think professional sports, football, to use it as an example, it's fundamentally a form of entertainment. I suppose I'm proudest of my novels for what's imagined in them. I think the world of my imagination is a richer and more interesting place than my personal biography. Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics. Most kids don't get to go their parents' wedding. I decided to make 'Captain America' because I realized I wasn't doing the film because it terrified me. You can't make decisions based on fear. Death would not be called bad, O people, if one knew how to truly die. I don't think it's possible to touch people's imagination today by aesthetic means. Most of the State of the Union will not be about Iraq. Most of the State of the Union will be about improving America's economy and providing greater access to health care for millions of American people, including senior citizens. If you're out there stressing on your pro day, then you're not going to perform well, so I plan on having a little fun. Play a little music while we're out there throwing the football, have everybody tapping their toes and bobbing their head and just go out there and make the most of the experience. We want our idols to be dead because it makes death a much less scary place. The name Van Halen, the family legacy, is going to go on long after I'm gone. Nothing is irreparable in politics. The challenge in working in politics, particularly if you're working for a political party, is that everyone's a messenger. Fear is the enemy. I distrust it. Any feeling or decision I make that might be motivated by fear I quickly reassess. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. Even crushed against his brother in the Tube the average Englishman pretends desperately that he is alone. My mother is very, very smart and commands respect because she has a lot of respect for herself. My three Ps: passion, patience, perseverance. You have to do this if you've got to be a filmmaker. I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom. In the first book of my Discworld series, published more than 26 years ago, I introduced Death as a character there was nothing particularly new about this - death has featured in art and literature since medieval times, and for centuries we have had a fascination with the Grim Reaper. I trust the time is coming, when the occupation of an instructor to children will be deemed the most honorable of human employment. We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers. Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about. In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted. The biggest problem was the politicians knew nothing about fighting a war. It looks good when you see someone kicking at the age of 51 with no double. It's kinda cool for people to know that past 50 we can keep flexible. Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don't take it too seriously. It's like our relationship is always about the other side that isn't the obvious side. People need to understand that the Lauryn Hill they were exposed to in the beginning was all that was allowed in that arena at the time. I had to step away for the sake of the machine. I was being way too compromised. I felt uncomfortable having to smile in someone's face when I really didn't like them or know them well enough to like. My wife needs her freedom just like me. If I don't fish in the morning, I fish in the evening. In Washington, success is just a training course for failure. I couldn't be happier that President Bush has stood up for having served in the National Guard, because I can finally put an end to all those who questioned my motives for enlisting in the Army Reserve at the height of the Vietnam War. People assume I'm out there having this great life, but money doesn't erase the pain. When you're young you barrel through life, making choices without thinking of repercussions. A few years down the line, you wake up in a certain place and wonder how the hell you got there. What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse. Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter. Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man. Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength. Knowledge conquered by labor becomes a possession - a property entirely our own. I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family. Most people repent their sins by thanking God they ain't so wicked as their neighbors. There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it. The Final Jeopardy! questions seem to be, by design, things you can't know. And so it's not about who knows them, but who can figure them out in thirty seconds. Truthfully, I'm still Corey Hart, Dad, first. The highest and most beautiful things in life are not to be heard about, nor read about, nor seen but, if one will, are to be lived. I think that the present is worth attention, one shouldn't sacrifice it to future conceptions of, of this future or that future. Happiness held is the seed Happiness shared is the flower. I am a night painter, so when I come into the studio the next morning the delirium is over. If we do not provide education for every single American, we are consigning those without an education to second-class status. If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. I have an impressionable palate. A well-worded menu or beautifully presented dish excites me. I get a great deal of pleasure just thinking about food. The civil rights movement was based on faith. Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith. We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty. Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith, so we had to do something. Music is an art that expresses the inexpressible. It rises far above what words can mean or the intelligence define. Its domain is the imponderable and impalpable land of the unconscious. That a society controls, to a greater or lesser extent, the behavior of its members is a universal but the methods, the particulars of that control, vary from one culture to another. The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power. All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives. You've got to honor your relationship with your audience - that they sit down because they want to be entertained. And that doesn't mean you can't provoke them and antagonize them and challenge them in the course of the entertainment as long as you keep the entertainment part of the equation alive. Property is not the sacred right. When a rich man becomes poor it is a misfortune, it is not a moral evil. When a poor man becomes destitute, it is a moral evil, teeming with consequences and injurious to society and morality. Though sages may pour out their wisdom's treasure, there is no sterner moralist than pleasure. When I was about 13 or 14, I had an English teacher who made a deal with me that I could get out of doing all of the year's regular work if I would write a short story a week and on Friday read it to the class. Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure. If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything. Except during the nine months before he draws his first breath, no man manages his affairs as well as a tree does. Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous. What I was going for in the first two albums I didn't necessarily achieve. Because I was young and because it was my first time out. And the second album was such a 'quickie' sort of 'Let's just get it over with!' But the kind of music I make, there's a lot of subtlety in it. And I think it takes a couple of listens to actually really get it. The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on. All the information you could want is constantly streaming at you like a runaway truck - books, newspaper stories, Web sites, apps, how-to videos, this article you're reading, even entire magazines devoted to single subjects like charcuterie or wedding cakes or pickles. There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth. Film music should have the same relationship to the film drama that somebody's piano playing in my living room has on the book I am reading. My bar for being successful is being able to do movies that really mean something to me and being able to make a living off of that. The show doesn't drive home a lesson, but it can open up people's minds enough for them to see how stupid every kind of prejudice can be. The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule. Unrest of spirit is a mark of life. Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge. One thing I have learned in my time in politics is that if one of the parties is shameless, the other party cannot afford to be spineless. Something my mum taught me years and years and years ago, is life's just too short to carry around a great bucket-load of anger and resentment and bitterness and hatreds and all that sort of stuff. Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is. Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow. Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn. The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere. Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait. The United States of America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins. The killers will fail, and the Iraqi people will live in freedom. Faith is not contrary to reason. A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving. It's very clear that there's a lot of double standards going on. Should there be a 30mph speed limit? Of course there bloody should. And certainly with kids and school food, kids need to be nannied for sure. So give them a bloody good meal at school. I have had death threats from people with fixations. The most important thing in my father's life? World peace. Me and my brother. My mom. Life is like a very short visit to a toyshop between birth and death. A politician never forgets the precarious nature of elective life. We have never established a practice of tenure in public office. Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing. Rising health care spending occurs because it is beneficial, not a burden on the economy. The ordinary American - as far as I can tell - knows so much less than he did fifty years ago and has such poor work habits compared with fifty years ago that the average multiplicand of knowledge/capabilities is a much smaller number than it was in 1961. My first job after college was at Magic Quest, an educational software startup company where I was responsible for writing the content. I found that job somewhat accidentally but after working there a few weeks and loving my job, I decided to pursue a career in technology. Some days I would be there at ten in the morning and wouldn't leave till ten at night, and the others would waltz in for a couple of hours and then leave, because I was doing that painting thing. And they were happy to see that being done. Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens. My dad was a Methodist minister. Okay, when you start to fight for equality, like Anand did in 1995, you could end up losing game 10, like he did, without putting up any kind of fight. I want to branch out. I want to write. I write poetry. I want to see my children grow up well. I was young. I was newly married. And I had worked like a dog. I just wanted to live and travel. Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process. And if there was one title that could be applied to all my films, it would be 'Civil War' - not civil war in the way we know it, but the daily war that goes on between us all. One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination. Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said. Strangers are exciting, their mystery never ends. But, there's nothing like looking at your own history in the faces of your friends. Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that? The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised. We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife. Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church. I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence. Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future. Equipped with cell phones, beepers, and handheld computers, the 'conspicuously industrious' blur the line between home and office by working anytime, anywhere. What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Some are made modest by great praise, others insolent. Well, I think the great tragedy in American politics is what is legal, not what is illegal. I have felt for the last 10 years I have had this battle I've been fighting so hard to have an education. It's been this uphill struggle. I was Warner Bros' pain in the butt. I was their scheduling conflict. I was the one who made life difficult. I want any excuse to come home. My dad is not a spring chicken any more. If anyone says, 'Go buy a postage stamp in London,' I'll go and do it. My only problem is the fear that opposition bowlers might go for my fingers and that's why I was scared of the short ball. Now I am struggling with the ball pitching up and swinging away. I just keep nicking that one. Grave was the man in years, in looks, in word, his locks were grey, yet was his courage green. When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars. From the gut comes the strut, and where hunger reigns, strength abstains. I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon. I believe that music is another form of news. Music is another form of journalism to me so I have to cover all the areas with my album. We cannot create observers by saying 'observe,' but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses. I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. The Cold War isn't thawing it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting. The will of man is his happiness. Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. I like being able to walk into an old town and find good local food. A man who pretends to understand women is bad manners. For him to really to understand them is bad morals. So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel! Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about. Well, well, Henry James is pretty good, though he is of the nineteenth century, and that glaringly. For the first half of geological time our ancestors were bacteria. Most creatures still are bacteria, and each one of our trillions of cells is a colony of bacteria. I tried to get a baseball movie made a couple of years ago and I don't think it didn't happen because I was a woman, but because sports movie don't sell internationally. I'm happily single. I am a sensitive writer, actor and director. Talking business disgusts me. If you want to talk business, call my disgusting personal manager. A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom. It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music. One cannot weep for the entire world, it is beyond human strength. One must choose. Travel provided many interesting experiences, but perhaps the most useful lesson I learned was that I really had no proficiency for learning the thousands of characters of the written Chinese language. He taught me housekeeping when I divorce I keep the house. I enjoyed studying costume, learning about the corsetry and the historical context of fashion. I never had any real intention of being a costume designer. I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail. I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody. Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success. Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread. I had this wild imagination. I was never me. All my childhood photos, I'm in fancy dress, playing a Russian refuge or Marvelous Mad Madam Mim. Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it. Being the lead of the show and working a lot of hours - all good stuff, a tremendous education, incredible opportunity, it changed my life - it was a marathon, and by the end of it I was pretty beat. The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef love, like being enlivened with champagne. Young film makers should learn how to deal with the money and learn how to deal with the power structure. Because it is like a battle. There's something pleasing about large, well-lit spaces. I love that dealers are willing to take massive chances in order to give this much room to their artists. Most of all, I love that more galleries showing more art gives more artists a shot. Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of the pieces. I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream. People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next. No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does. To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares? Ninjas are so cool! He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war. If there's no fire, there's no scream. If there's no scream, then no one hears you and no one comes to help you in the first place. The depth of my struggle has definitely determined the height of my success. To be able to teach my kids not just about success but about the struggle that comes with it. On the same line of reasoning, if Australians were to be Australians, or rather if Australians were as separate from any other nation as Australia from any other land, there would be no jealousy between them on England's account. In a mood of faith and hope my work goes on. A ream of fresh paper lies on my desk waiting for the next book. I am a writer and I take up my pen to write. The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah. For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom. Training is such a vital part of preparation for a game, you really do train to play. It tops up your ability, like sharpening a carving knife. You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness. I don't like being alone. We can't forget what happened on May 4th, 1970, when four students gave up their lives because they had the American constitutional right of peaceful protest. They gave up their lives. And to sing that song in that spot on that anniversary was very emotional for us. Days will prove that the assassination policy will not finish the Hamas. Hamas leaders wish to be martyrs and are not scared of death. Jihad will continue and the resistance will continue until we have victory, or we will be martyrs. I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty. Listen, there are some movies that are set in stone and the writer or the director does not want to change, but I've never worked on a movie, including my own, that didn't take advantage of a rehearsal process. Mary Tyler Moore was a working woman whose story lines were not always about dating and men. They were about work friendships and relationships, which is what I feel my adult life has mostly been about. Humor is just another defense against the universe. Military hardliners called me a 'security threat' for promoting peace in South Asia and for supporting a broad-based government in Afghanistan. Love of man for woman - love of woman for man. That's the nature, the meaning, the best of life itself. President Obama believes in a country where we invest in education, in roads and bridges, in science, and in the future so we can create new opportunities so the next kid can make it big and the kid afer that and the kid after that, that's what President Obama believes. I love cooking during Christmas, all smells like the hot apple cider, the hot spiced wine. A screen actor is compensated in the knowledge that millions will see his performance at one time, where only hundreds will see it on the stage. I ask you: turn a deaf ear to the special interests. Let politics stand down for a while. don't waste anytime thinking about future elections until we've done our jobs here. It created a global platform that allowed more people to plug and play, collaborate and compete, share knowledge and share work, than anything we have ever seen in the history of the world. Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less. Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations. My mom played the recorder. But not having electricity, we had minimal exposure to music. As I got a little older, we had Walkmans and things that were battery-powered, but it would have been nice to be growing up in the iPod era. A tape only has six songs on a side. It's taken folk a while to come around, hasn't it? Even the boys in the band weren't too sure about the whole art thing. They just wanted me to concentrate on the music. But they respect it now. Everyone in L.A. is very positive and upbeat, whereas London can get quite miserable at times. The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own. My heart is so light that it's amazing. I get to play all this grief, all this loss, all this disaster and chaos. It's hysterically funny. I am very light. We live in a funny time. If you don't go corporate, you can't compete. You're relegated as irrelevant. People used to admire that. My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning. I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day. There are many qualities that make a great leader. But having strong beliefs, being able to stick with them through popular and unpopular times, is the most important characteristic of a great leader. I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important. Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language. My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived. No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius. You can't respect yourself if you're afraid to be who you are. They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse. I have had death threats from people with fixations. Another thing to do with the blues is how they were recorded. They were done on the quick, and some of that stuff was made on wire, not even tape, let alone digital. I don't believe that anybody has come to a conclusion on why something is funny. It's funny because it's ridiculous and it's ridiculous for different reasons at different times. This technology will obviously become more prevalent. Who knows what will result? One thing is certain, computer technology will revolutionize the way we tell stories as much as movie film has. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Those wars are unjust which are undertaken without provocation. For only a war waged for revenge or defense can be just. Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are. I started crying the other day just thinking that the baby is going to leave me soon! You have this relationship with this person in your belly and it's really amazing. Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design. I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries. I stopped and gazed on the little dull man who was being paid to be a teacher of teachers. I turned and walked to the door, slammed it closed with a bang, and broken glass crashed to the floor. There was uproar behind me in the class, which did not interest me at all. I maintain the rather old-fashioned view that this is my work and it's in the public arena, but that doesn't entitle everyone to know what happened at home before coming here. My recollection is - and I'd have to confirm this - but I don't recall paying any money to go to law school. My heart is so light that it's amazing. I get to play all this grief, all this loss, all this disaster and chaos. It's hysterically funny. I am very light. My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them. If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work. People know that they're going to see something which is entertaining but challenging as well because of the form it's in. It's dance theatre and it requires you to use your imagination - it's not straight forward. People spend too much time finding other people to blame, too much energy finding excuses for not being what they are capable of being, and not enough energy putting themselves on the line, growing out of the past, and getting on with their lives. I merged those two words, black and feminist, because I was surrounded by black women who were very tough and and who always assumed they had to work and rear children and manage homes. The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free. I present myself to you in a form suitable to the relationship I wish to achieve with you. The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country. Sometimes history takes things into its own hands. We've got to win this battle, and we will. We have to win the peace. Let me just say that to imagine racism does not exist is imagination. And to imagine that it does not create its own set of problems is true imagination. So let's not imagine that racism is gone, extinguished, because it's not. We are seeing this in the top levels of the political arena, and we are seeing it very, very plainly. All the arguments which are brought to represent poverty as no evil show it evidently to be a great evil. I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are. To live your life well, and have respect for what came before or after - there's a strong respect for that in African culture. I think any opportunity you have to be green, whether it's in business or in everyday life, you should take it. Spirit borrows from matter the perceptions on which it feeds and restores them to matter in the form of movements which it has stamped with its own freedom. My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive. God hath given you one face, and you make yourselves another. A hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could. I think as a rifle platoon and company commander your view is about 1,000 meters in front of you and you hope you can cover that ground and not have to back up and give it up again. Remember always that the composer's pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty. We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace. For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help. No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it. If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to all others, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism. Favored Nations is a long-term commitment. Our hope is that those who are passionate about real musicianship will want to hear and own most of our albums. We will set out to attain the same direct relationship with our customers that we have with our artists. We have an incredible warrior class in this country - people in law enforcement, intelligence - and I thank God every night we have them standing fast to protect us from the tremendous amount of evil that exists in the world. Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin. With the help of a friend I got father into a wagon, when the crowd had gone. I held his head in my lap during the ride home. I believed he was mortally wounded. He had been stabbed down through the kidneys, leaving an ugly wound. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence. Neither the sun nor death can be looked at with a steady eye. For two thousand years, the Church has guided the development of music, carefully legislating to fuse artistic talent and aesthetic beauty with the demands of the Faith. It used to be that you had to make female TV characters perfect so no one would be offended by your 'portrayal' of women. Even when I started out on 'The Office' eight years ago, we could write our male characters funny and flawed, but not the women. And now, thankfully, it's completely different. When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out. On the show, we are not trying to get people to eat their vegetables we are not trying to get people to become Democrats. We are basically trying to encourage people to get involved with public life so that politics isn't left to the wealthy and privileged. But if you think you aren't creative that's cool, too. I think being around people who aren't creative is kind of refreshing and nice. In regards to being a fashion aficionado, there's a certain amount of taking yourself seriously in the professional world. The self-effacing person can't completely go down the serious road. But I design, and love when things are beautiful. The pro athlete is a sad tale. He signs a big contract and thinks he's set for life. I didn't think I was set for life, and I don't now. As athletes, we are important, celebrities, in demand and rich. Then we are out of the game and we are not important, not celebrities, not in demand and not rich. The difficulty of IVF or of any fertility issues is the hope and the shattered hope, the dream that it might happen this time and then it doesn't happen. No Arab ruler will consider the peace process seriously so long as he is able to toy with the idea of achieving more by the way of violence. As the only girl growing up among three brothers, I was always afraid of being excluded. If there was a game to be played, a sport to be learned, a competition to join, I was on my feet and ready. I didn't spend much time alone for fear that I'd miss out. I think the best American poetry is the poetry that utilizes the resources of poetry rather than exploits the defects or triumphs of the poet's personality. I used to think that cyberspace was fifty years away. What I thought was fifty years away, was only ten years away. And what I thought was ten years away... it was already here. I just wasn't aware of it yet. The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity. An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in his understanding of things. The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred. World War II, the atomic bomb, the Cold War, made it hard for Americans to continue their optimism. I want everyone to tell me the truth, even if it costs him his job. Nature that framed us of four elements, warring within our breasts for regiment, doth teach us all to have aspiring minds. One thing I resent is the slur that I just support political candidates because of the business. A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life. A man should never neglect his family for business. I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return. Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents. The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful one must sense him everywhere but never see him. Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will. The nature of the movies is different than it was five years ago, and they're all driven by the possibilities of CGI, which means you can make anything happen on screen that you can possibly desire. I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered. Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind. Dressing up is a bore. At a certain age, you decorate yourself to attract the opposite sex, and at a certain age, I did that. But I'm past that age. I couldn't be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or you're ridiculed. They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher. So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad. In search of a complete education with the ideals of trust, faith, understanding and compassion, many families are turning to the structure, discipline and academic standards of Catholic schools. Vision is perhaps our greatest strength... it has kept us alive to the power and continuity of thought through the centuries, it makes us peer into the future and lends shape to the unknown. Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press. It is easier to be a lover than a husband for the simple reason that it is more difficult to be witty every day than to say pretty things from time to time. There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give. Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end. It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play? Relationships are so much a rerun of our parental relationships. We're rerunning the relationship they were in together and we're rerunning the relationship we had with them with our lover. I don't see women and think of them as competition or with judgment. Women really move me. I feel connected to all kinds of women. I am angry because I think we've been mistreated throughout history in different countries, including America. I admire women. Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine. This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50. No sex, age, or condition is above or below the absolute necessity of modesty but without it one vastly beneath the rank of man. I get started at 5:30 in the morning and write till 10 A.M. Then I hike six or seven miles before going back to work. No, I will be the pattern of all patience I will say nothing. Wise men make more opportunities than they find. We are particularly interested in the mental health programs and policies that support our troops and their families before, during, and after deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan. Many a happiness in life, as many a disaster, can be due to chance, but the peace within us can never be governed by chance. Poor, dear, silly Spring, preparing her annual surprise! About the most originality that any writer can hope to achieve honestly is to steal with good judgment. Love and death are the two great hinges on which all human sympathies turn. I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadn't found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets. My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor. The worst disease which can afflict executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism. Kisses are a better fate than wisdom. I'm a lad of the '60s. I started a magazine to try and end the Vietnam war, but it was a number of years before I had the profile, the financial resources and the time to do more. I actually find novels that are determined to be funny at every turn quite oppressive. I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians. The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom. The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website. Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree. Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil. I so desperately hate to end these movies that the first thing I do when I'm done is write another one. Then I don't feel sad about having to leave and everybody going away. We can only learn to know ourselves and do what we can - namely, surrender our will and fulfill God's will in us. When we talk about Oscars, it's almost as a symbol of excellence, and the American public and the worldwide public accept that symbol. So, a movie like 'The Artist' that costs $14 million, has to go out and compete with movies that cost $140 million. How does David deal with Goliath? The company of fools may first make us smile, but in the end we always feel melancholy. In the history of America, we've never had an energy plan. We don't even realize the resources we have available to us. I'm not a drug addict. My wild period wasn't about drugs it was about sexual freedom. I have nothing against younger women and older men on screen. What is sad is that so many women over 40 who have so much to give aren't being considered to play opposite men their own age or younger. I saw also that there was an ocean of darkness and death, but an infinite ocean of light and love, which flowed over the ocean of darkness. That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up. There is nothing so habit-forming as money. A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience. The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom. As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin? The first duty of love is to listen. I don't want people to sit there and objectively watch the film. I want them to experience it as something that's under their skin, so you try to make the films really tactile. The new freedom of expression brought by the Internet goes far beyond politics. People relate to each other in new ways, posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception. One of the great bands we opened up for was Priest back in '89. That was really great because at that time we had never met them, never toured with them before. They were a big influence on Slayer, so to open up for them was really cool. I hate the stereotype of the pitfalls of the child actor. There are so many amazing examples - Natalie Portman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jodie Foster, Drew Barrymore - of people who have made it through. But I remember the moment when my father died. I wasn't a very committed Catholic beforehand, but when that happened it suddenly all felt so obvious: I now believe religion is our attempt to find an explanation, for us to feel more protected. What you see is when the government gets involved, you run out of money and health care gets rationed. I do read books. I suppose it's more or less the same thing, but at least I'm alone and I'm an individual. I can stop anytime I want, which I frequently do. It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent. I've been a very lucky guy. I played on championship teams. I played for Canada. I've won some awards and I'm very proud of those accomplishments. But I don't think there's anything greater than to come home and to be recognized at home. This is the pinnacle. The great rule of moral conduct is next to God, respect time. No, I never thought about my father's money as my money. The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all. God bears with the wicked, but not forever. You know it's only 50 miles from Grand River to Canton, but it took me 67 years to travel that distance. If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury if from a small cause, it is peevishness and so is always either terrible or ridiculous. I find very often that very ugly women have really handsome men and vice versa because they don't have any competition. Sometimes handsome men have avoided me. But the Western countries that link their partnership with the poorest countries with respect for democracy also have to consider that they have obligations towards these countries. Universal suffrage should rest upon universal education. To this end, liberal and permanent provision should be made for the support of free schools by the State governments, and, if need be, supplemented by legitimate aid from national authority. I like to see myself as a bridge builder, that is me building bridges between people, between races, between cultures, between politics, trying to find common ground. I don't particularly dislike any kind of person that might be reading my stuff. They like it and that's cool, but I don't do the work for any kind of group in particular, except for hobos, who just plain kick ass and light up my life. The Jews' greatest contribution to history is dissatisfaction! We're a nation born to be discontented. Whatever exists we believe can be changed for the better. Some argue that now isn't the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound today's financial difficulties. The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices. Where I come from, you don't really talk about how much you're earning. Those things are private. My dad never told my mum how much he was earning. I'm certainly not going to tell the world. I'm doing well. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace. I'll be honest with you. My kids don't watch my movies and never have. I can maybe name a film one hand that they've seen, actually, all the way through. An angry father is most cruel towards himself. My truth - what I believe - is that there are no answers here and, if you are looking for answers, you'd better choose the question carefully. If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit. The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food. If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure. Republicans use think tanks to come up with a lot of their messages. The think tanks are the single worst, most undisciplined example of communication I've ever seen. I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach. I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all. The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between. The only reason why I would like to be accepted? Because if your movies don't do well, after a while you don't get to make any more movies. I think women are amazing and women's friendships are like a sisterhood and we should see more of it in television and film. The way I feel about music is that there is no right and wrong. Only true and false. My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of. I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him. I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else. The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars. One nuclear war is going to be the last nuclear - the last war, frankly, if it really gets out of hand. And I just don't think we ought to be prepared to accept that sort of thing. We live in a land like no other - a land of freedom and opportunity unparalleled on the face of the globe. Responsibility educates. I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers. My films don't give you an easy ride. I can see that. The sense I get is that people have quite a physical experience with them. They feel afterwards that they've really been through something. If either player abandon the game by quitting the table in anger, or in an otherwise offensive manner or by momentarily resigning the game or refuses to abide by the decision of the Umpire, the game must be scored against him. Neutral men are the devil's allies. Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking. There should be more attention paid to scientific research in the ecology area, and I think that such attention to proper environmental concerns would make the public feel much better about it. Dinosaurs was a cool idea, but we just couldn't find a way to make it really fun. We've got a bunch of great game ideas that we want to bring to life over the next several years. To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever. Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age, but they die young. A sense is what has the power of receiving into itself the sensible forms of things without the matter, in the way in which a piece of wax takes on the impress of a signet-ring without the iron or gold. Example is the best precept. It could be my British need for discipline that makes me admire the American appetite for freedom and passion. Concerning God, freewill and destiny: Of all that earth has been or yet may be, all that vain men imagine or believe, or hope can paint or suffering may achieve, we descanted. I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies. You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works. I have this fear of falling in front of large groups of people. That's why I tend not to wear heels. Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature. I'm interested not just in projects that I'll be starring in, but producing film and TV that's really quality and great for adults and when I say 'great for adults,' it doesn't mean without humor, because I'm also interested in doing comedy. A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art. Nobody wants campaign finance reform more than me. It would save me a fortune. And often it would be a woman who was in her 70s or 80s who would win the beauty contest, because bound feet never age. Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white. Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. Well, I'll put it this way: you can certainly say belief in God makes people behave worse. That can be proved beyond a doubt. In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. There are few more powerful tools for promoting stability than the institution of marriage. Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death. Most technological advances in our life now come from serendipitous discoveries. That is a contraction of rocket technology and computer technology and atomic clock technology. Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be true. When Medicare was created for senior citizens and America 's disabled in 1965, about half of a senior's health care spending was on doctors and the other half on hospitals. Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.